['Awesome place! Very quick service. Wide choice of beer and delicious food', 'One of the bests pubs in Kharkiv. It is a good place for taking several beers after work with nice snacks. Also, there is a good lunch menu.\nThe staff always are friendly and helpful.', 'Atmospheric Irish-styled pub with tasty kitchen and fast service. But it has a couple of drawbacks as for me - take into account bad air conditioning in some places of room, a bit expensive menu with short list of simple drinks, and specific taste of some cocktails', 'I like this place! You can find a special atmosphere there. As for me I choose this pub if I want to drink tasty beer or watch football matches.', 'The best place for eating and drinking! Very good service and food. Business lunches are also very tasteful.', 'Super comfy place to eat. The staff were nice and supportive. Price is reasonable and I love the variety of food. Will visit again pretty soon😊', 'Very good place, nice interior, good beer snd drinks, decent staff and polite owner. Food isn\'t the best for "high expectation" customers. Give it a try!', "Nice food, nice prices, nice waiters, all around good place. There's separate lunch menu. Thumbs up, I recommend to all this place.", 'Went to the pub alone looking for somewhere to watch English football and get something to eat, had a meal and a few drinks, good price, very clean and smart bar, the staff are very friendly and nice, great time', 'I spent an evening at Marshals42 on a trip and liked their meals. I had the burger and it was fresh and delicious!', 'Great location to sit together with some friends. The staff is always friendly and burgers are great :-)', 'Found this place through the recommendation. Great selection of beers and tasty burgers.Definitely worth the visit.', "Cosy place: huge windows let you see the whole street from inside the pub; pity that this part of centtal street had only views of trafficing to offer. Menu is pretty wide - you have snacks, starters, salads, soups and main courses. Beer - around 20 taps, pretty much the same set you have around the city. Bonus - wide whiskey menu. Overall you don't feel like in pub inside: it is a beer restaurant", 'Amazing pub in the heart of the city.\nWide local craft beers selection.\nGood food, good prices.', 'It is one of my favorite craft beer pub in Kharkiv. There is always large options of bottled beer and on tap. Great service.\nRecommend!', 'Lots of choice for beer, though porters/stouts are dominating. But staff is just amazing and unique, all with certain personality and with easygoing helpful attitude. Great place to chill and meet some good people.\nSnacks are great too by the way!', 'I LOVE THIS PLACE! If I could just live here I probably would.', 'Entering this bar I saw the picture of Ozzy and was expecting something extravagant. I was not disappointed at all. The design is pretty simple, however, the writings on the wall from the visitors make it somehow good, although some of them are not that pleasant. There is a bunch of football scarfs, which can be interesting and probably there can be a live music, but at that time the background music was fitting perfectly for the drinking. The grape cider is just amazing and chicken wings were delicious, but the amount kinda let me down. Overall I would definitely go back.', "Say I'm biased, because I'm an old rocker, but I like places like this a lot, probably because there are fewer and fewer of them ... In any case, in addition to beer, of course, with the sounds of the good old rock, you can drink good coffee here, enjoy sporting events on two large TVs, and to eat. 😊", 'Nice pub, extremely friendly staff! Good foof and several Ukranian beers. They helped us book a taxi, and when it was delayed they kept the place open for us and made sure we got safely back to the hotel.', "The stuff didn't understand me on English. The new self-servevsystem useful and comfortable because it save waiting time in quie", 'I bought in Mc drive big potatoes,  1fish roll and a small cola, received the package, once i wanted to eat i realized there is no potatoes,  i was already 10 km far from the city, so better to check what u ordered as u still there', "It was renovated not long ago, were installed terminals for self-ordering. Yet, it's just MacDonald's, so nothing too fancy is expected, so 5 stars for them being good MacDonald's.", "This McDonalds cafe is very clean with a very nice design. The staff is very friendly and very customer oriented, the only problem is that this McDonalds is located across from the central market, many people come from the market to use the bathrooms and it's not uncommon to see long lines of people waiting to use the bathrooms, this can be a big inconvenience for McDonalds customers.", 'Everything is delicious and atmospheric. Cool. But hire more people. The guy is a waiter and serves the halls alone, and stands at the bar, and so on. Sometimes tables come and go there are not enough people to serve all the tables, one person cannot do it.', 'The dishes are super, the waiter too. Raise Sergey’s salary urgently, and 5 points for the muzlo', 'Very tasty. If you want to spend a good evening with a large company or two, I advise you to visit this institution. Thanks to all the staff 😘', '+ For a residential area, the pub is very atmospheric. Nice renovation in loft style, everything is beautiful. Serving dishes on boards, beer glasses in the shape of a skull, flags in burgers and black gloves are classy. Been here twice. The first time everything was great. I really liked the pizza with pear and cheese, and the delicious dark beer.\n\n- The table was booked in advance for February 14, there was one waiter, he was also at the bar. Unfortunately, I didn’t like the service, but it’s not the waiter’s fault, he just didn’t have time to do everything and looked tired. There was no additional festive decoration of the hall. Only 4 tables were occupied. When they arrived, even the background music was turned off. We waited for drinks for half an hour, my beer was brought later than everyone else. The burgers were brought already cold, my order was brought only after my husband and daughter had already eaten the burgers, so the food experience was spoiled. The prices are not low.\n\nWe ask the owner not to skimp on staff, especially on holidays. For the first time after our visit, we were glad that there was such an establishment nearby. After the second visit, the impression was spoiled and we are unlikely to come again.', "the most offal thing they are just like a gang to hit people who came to have fun by the way (all of them the security and the waiters and the Clint's who are friends of them,)\nSo Hershey is bad bad bad bad bad bad", 'Place for eat and drink and smoke hookah. Prices slightly higher then quality.', 'ok place. Nothing special. but they have their own made beer', 'It is far from center, but very good place for Saltovka area.', 'Food is always good. If you are into football, the games are always on.', 'Best Irish pub in town. Great beers and delicious food.', 'Love this place good food ,good beer and good atmosphere and the whiskey here is good', "It's just bad", 'Cool place!!! Liked it a lot! The atmosphere is fire 🔥🔥🔥 Even next to the house\U0001fa77', '', 'I really liked it.\nI recommend it to everyone!!', 'Nice restaurant on Sumskaya Street. They have open area for smokers. Inside you may enjoy with live local music with local people. If you like vodka than you should try Nemiroff.', 'Great mix of Bar, Restaurant and Music Hall. Definitely worth one or more visits.', 'Great food (meat, fish, salads) and a big beer and snacks selection. They have a minimal amount of money to spend per person if you want to be seated, but prices are mostly reasonable, and the usual meal should be enough to get the required amount for the second floor. They usually have some event every evening, so it can be noisy inside.', 'Concert organization is very poor. Overcrowded place without any limitations of attendees. Beer was bad.\nBut you can find pretty good business lunches here.', 'This is the best beer restaurant in Kharkiv. The prices are reasonable, the dishes are very tasty. During the quarantine, all requirements are met: there is no menu on the tables, all staff are masked and gloved, at the table strictly up to 4 people. In contrast, for example, from Kharitonov. A good program in evening with singers.', 'Nice and funny beer place for big companies. Good kitchen and locally brewed beer. Recommend!', "If you would like to see local Ukrainian restaurant you should visit this place. It's very noisy buy joyful in the same time. You may enjoy with the song contest.", 'One of the best place to have fun. Do reservation before you go.', 'Nice and delicious place if you prefer Italian food, but waiting time at lunch for me was around 30-40 min', 'Great interior design, very nice and chill place to spend some time with friends, cause food is amazing and really good quality products are used. Staff is absolutely friendly and attentive. They always check your satisfaction with a smile and keep on doing their Best. We are very Happy with my wife and strongly reccomend to visit this place at least once.', 'We are 5 persons get to know the place by chance. However we enjoyed our meal very much.  We need to thank the chief and our friend Tasha for being so kind and friendly. Special thanks for the management....', 'Excellent pizza and very tasty home wine.', 'Great place on weekends', 'Nice place, peaceful and quiet, delicious and quick', 'Nice place!!', "We booked sun loungers for the day, threw off the prepayment. As a result, everything was busy, no one was waiting for us. The administrators began to move people to free the sun loungers, waited for the waiter for a very long time, took the order, did not take out the dishes all at once, the pork steak waited more than an hour while the girls had already eaten , the steak was with a layer of rubber fat, I waited for the waiter to find out (15 min) the answer was it was normal, etc., I asked the administrator saying that I would be at the pool, he comes and says you asked for the type of administrator ??? why they supposedly left. I'm sorry I I came to rest and wait half an hour for everyone, well, that's too much.\nAt the expense of the pool, if you have children, yes, it’s cool, but if you came to relax, you won’t succeed, the children jump, the water is all on you, the admins say, but these are children .. this is a question for parents.\nNo impressions from the service to the atmosphere.", 'Nice, cozy pub with very pleasant waitresses.', 'Food is not fresh, very pricey and poor service', 'So nice place....for talk and meeting some good friend...', 'Lovely Music, mood refreshing evening, Enjoy the vibes!', 'Excellent! Such a special place. Original and cozy. The service is great as well.', 'Good place. Good shots. Good waiters. Everything is good :) Highly recommended', "It's down an interesting allyway and looks nice. Only went as a (Czech) friend has never been to an Irish pub.\nIt's not really Irish, they have no Guinness or Murphys (that's the ONE rule to being an Irish bar!) But pleasant enough I suppose)", "It's gonna be a challenge to find, but it is where the fun begins. One of few, if not the one place in Odessa which not everyone knows about. Do not ask how just find it! And you'll be rewarded  with genuine  beer, music, food and friendly and helpful people. It's one of those places on this planet.", "Great stouts and guiness on tap food wasn't bad at all just had the snacks from snack menu. Wait staff were good and nice attitude outside patio pleasant indeed. Nothing bad about this joint at all.", 'For those who wants to feel youself in German, Belgium, France, etc. But being in Odessa - this place if yours. Very good beer and deliciuos food is waiting for you!!!', 'Have been here meny times. Great beers and food. Always. Perfect service. Highly recommend.', 'Probably the worst service ever.\n\nI went there to watch the match of my team. The waitress ignored me and spoke to me in Russian very rude and kind of upset to me just because I said to them “ excuse me, do you speak English?”\n\nAVOID THIS PLACE, very rude people working there', 'Worse and worse each year... Today they forgot our order, so we had to wait for ONE HOUR... And yep, it tasted bad... btw administration is a hell, they think it is ok... Definitely cannot be recommended anymore', 'Whiskey specialists. They have one place inside the bar with only whiskey to drink.\nThis place is very nice decorated with big selection of whiskey.', 'great place...one of the few where u can enjoy some nice brews with a cigarette inside.  like the interior design...cant wait to try the food...excellent menu with pics n english', "If you're into brown pubs, this is the place. Good selection of beer and drinks. Didn't eat myself, but saw they had a rich food cart. Nice guy with a beard working here also, he was cool.", "It's a really British-looking pub. Gets pretty crowded in the evening and you can feel pub atmosphere. There is some beer variety, they also have food which I didn't get to try. It's a bit pricey (for Odessa), but not too bad.", "Honestly speaking quite awful place..\nStaff seems to really hate u...\nIt's like being back in ussr...\nWould you like anything else except dessert and coffee????\nReally, do I have to order bottle of whisky)))", 'Tasty food and good service)', "Nice design, but the stuff is working and acting like they're on a funeral - unresponsive and slow.\n\nFood is so-so, nothing to write home about.", 'Don’t go to this dive bar. Don’t expect much walking in the door. The place is never busy and the drinks suck. The owner pushed away his only serious clientele because of a soviet era mindset. There are many other bars to go to and spend money in Odessa. Don’t sell your self short.', 'Good craft beers choices, tasty snacks, good music. Steak burger is tasty.', 'Very cozy bar for lovers of craft beer. There are tasting sets. Pleasant music.\nRecommend!', 'Great choice of craft beers and awesome and enthusiastic staff, loved it and recommend!', 'Been to this bar several times. Delicious cuisine. Prices are at a minimum when compared to the city center. The acoustics are on point. Nice dance floor. Unfortunately the bar is not open. We are waiting for its opening', 'Nice place, you can have a drink, eat and sing of course 😁', "The best shashlik in Odessa, good service great beer selection from all over the world, prices are democratic and the place is nice, if you mean to eat shashlik in Odessa don't miss it!", 'Delicious food, professional crew, tasty beer, nice interior!!!!', 'cozy place where you can have a good rest with your friends. would suggest', 'The best pub ever', 'The kitchen is terrible. Even something that should be normally prepared in a beer establishment (garlics, shrimp, chips). They have nothing. only beer. Service is normal. The viewing atmosphere is also nothing.', 'The choice of beer is not very good, the price is too high. Snack for beer (Odessa crustaceans), not very fresh, usually a week old. Chips are good, but the portion is small', 'Perfect place! TV panels are everywhere!\nAnd even where I didn’t expect. 👍😉😉😉\nI recommend! Sit with friends and watch football...the best place! The staff is pleasant and the food is excellent!\nSUPER 👍👍👍👍', 'Being a guest of the city, he visited this bar to watch matches. I am satisfied with the establishment, the atmosphere is bombastic. enjoyed watching the matches. Thank you.', 'Cheap and cozy bar but its so empty, only ukranian metalheads love this bar', 'A downstairs drinking den. Fair prices and well-made drinks for an eclectic crowd.', 'Affordable drinks and unique atmosphere.', "It's already closed after 8pm", 'Great vibes, themed music, amazing staff, vast choice of good drinks. Welcome Norsemen !', 'True Scandinavian atmosphere\nI simply love this place\n10/10 absolutely you absolutely got a regular with me!\nSkål!', 'Nicely furnished and dark theme for the pub. Good stout on tap', 'Atmospheric pub with good beer selection and tasty food', "Very cozy, nice, sincere, delicious homemade liqueurs and unusual dishes on the menu. It's always warm and there are free seats.", 'Super bar! We were mixed with delicious custom cocktails according to our personal taste and wishes.', 'Fair, there are drinks that we don’t have, original tastes, you should come for a change, find what you like', 'Very loud music', 'For Odessa, this is as good as it gets. Plenty craft beer options, decent food. Varvar beer is good.', 'Good beer of Varvar brand, cozy atmosphere, perfect service and nice local snacks, served hot and cold. Tsatsa, the crispy tiny fish, deep fried, was especially good. This dish is only local here in Odessa as well as some sea-side Bulgarian cities', 'Great place with plenty of craft beer. Amazing staff Anya, Oleg, Dima helped us to select splendid tastes.', 'Cool place to have some gr8 craft beer ...the music will surprise you..in a very good way. Staff are friendly....and finally a variety of one of the best beers in Odessa ... a must go to place !!!! ..\nAnd as a graphic designer i love their branding !!', 'Delicious coffee and hot dogs', '', 'A very good sports pub to watch a football match.  The best one I found while spending a week in Dnipro.  They must have around 25 TV screens and appeared to have access to matches from all over Europe.  I watched a couple of English Premier League matches while drinking a good range of craft beers.  I think they had 8-10 different beers on tap along with an extensive menu.  Friendly guy behind the bar who spoke good English as well.', "Who is happy? I'm happy. Thank you guys, that even with all booked tables you allow me to enjoy this awesome beer.\nMoreover I came from kremenchuk for it)))\nThank you.\nReccomend.", '3 stars is in comparison to its past glory - food was tastier, croutons were sliced in smaller pieces, grass was greener and girls from displays in WC were shocked with size of my wee-wee...', 'Less people and they stream mostly english clubs matches when there are more than one maches going on during same time even during champions league.', 'Great place with a soul. Great choice of whiskeys and few kinds of beer. Food is simple and good just as it should be in a pub', "It's OK, the food is delicious, but you have to wait for a long time. And you can see cockroaches there sometimes.", 'Perfect place for evening beer and delicious meal.\n\nBe careful: waitress cheated. Shortchanged us for 25℅', 'One from the best places to drink beer and whisky in Shop to.', 'Great place to enjoy some cocktails or beers surrounded by an explainable Nestor Makhno theme. Fellow costumers are cheerful and even down for a conversation in English. The staff seems inexperienced, but really do their best and provide service with a smile.', 'Recommend grapefruit cider! Nice atmosphere, affordable, perfect for pre-drinks 💖', 'Came to see a Ramstein cover band. My date and I got nice seats above the floor. Really enjoyed the show! Afterwards we moved to a couch to sit and talk until closing. Meat and cheese snack tray was good.', 'It is a great place. Locals. Concerts in the backstage. Nice service and most of the time they also have darke ukrainian beer. Lively. Not restricted to a single age. I lived it. I went 3 days in a row, and I met fascinatin people', 'This is a great pub to spend free time with friends. The atmosphere in this place is very colorful. The pub has a very wide range of beers and snacks at democratic price. I want to note that all meals are prepared independently. I recommend a visit to this pub. But you have to reserved it!!!! Also in this pub great music.', 'Really atmospheric place, placed in the center, easy to find. Beer was awesome, a little bit louder music than I wanted, but cool playlist.\nAs a compliment they give a plate of crisp bread with species, lovely.\nFried cheese with jam was delicious, just as it should be.', 'Nice staff, good service and good Ukrainian Porter and Ail served. It is recommended to visit Bottle Bar in  Dnipropetrovsk.', 'Great Pub with the best selection of draft beer and good food. The space is very interesting and background music was spot on! One of my favourite Pubs in Ukraine so far, and I hope to return one day.', 'Only 1+ that we got seats on a long-planned evening😉!! Reviews on the sites of the city were good😃😂!! The bar was completely empty! 😉\nBUT..1..on the steps of the establishment in front of the front door, girls (especially on 👠) can get killed...steep steps and darkness!!\n2. The menu says a lot, but everything we wanted to order was not available ..!!! We spent almost 1 hour of time choosing dishes and then every time we hear "Not available, because there was a banquet, there was nothing left"!!! 🤢\n3.Choice of tea..2 types = black or green" 😂!!?\n4. The toilet is terrible, primitive =1 for M/F unhygienic!!! This is the right door 😂, because immediately the left door IS THE KITCHEN!!! 🙄😖\n5. It was not possible to pay with a bank card, the terminal did not work!!!\n6. "I\'ll pay tribute" to the waiter, who was on that evening "on a substitute" from another institution - he tried to smooth out ALL the problems !!!! Props to the boy!!!!\n7. Such a chic location in the city center, next to the Reikartz .... "cozy" PUB and all ..... 😣😫😪\nChange "Drunken Deer" and I will change my review !!!!! 😉 Good luck and keep improving!!!\nAttached are photos of what we got from the entire menu ...\n"Medallions"...😄\nSausages were punished "pork and beef", but there were chicken .... 😁\nIn a salad, 🥑 like a hard tree, it would be better not to add it at all !!!! (We called Salad "rest of the banquet" 😃🤣).', 'A good place for solitude. There were no people at all. The kitchen is very slow, but not bad. Irish music was playing very loudly. A good attempt at recreating the atmosphere of a real British pub, but still not...', 'Delicious snacks, good music', 'Great atmospheric place! Special respect for the music!', 'Very good taste of traditional ukraina beer.\nVery delicius foods on their menü.\nOn web menu including with English menu.\nI recomended.\nOne of bad imagine on the entrence security. He make a show to check of body with detector. Very disrespectfully and harshly.(((', "Great bar/restaurant/entertainment venue. Menu is reasonably priced, although it's difficult if you book as a group- they do not allow you to pay separately for the bill. But otherwise good experience 🥰 Book early for Friday and Saturday nights (tables sell out a week beforehand).\nSubscribe to @amyanna YouTube Vlog 🤗", "Accordion players who serenaded our table 😍 Huge venue, great for special events. Pig on the spit served at 9pm... But the menu has a great selection so you don't have to wait. Great service and fun atmosphere.", "Good beer. Lovely place. Feels like it's a theatre, not restaurant.", 'The place is not great to say the least. The interior appears to have been inherited. It can be seen that before it was really comfortable here, but now there are tattered sofas, don’t understand what’s on the walls. The food took over an hour. We ordered several dishes, including meat pans. So the plates were not brought, apparently it was the pans that had to be used as plates. Glasses were brought under the whiskey. The utensils are basically discordant. But, the dishes taste very even nothing.', 'Everything was delicious. Took two stars off for the over-salted fries (and for management to take notice). We told the waiter about it, but there was no response.', 'The service is excellent. The beer is delicious. Impressions are very positive. The chairs on the summer terrace are soft.\nWould I return here again? Answer: yes', 'Good atmosphere for watching football, delicious food and beer', 'Huge selection of beer and spirits! There is definitely something for every gourmet', "Today they made me a “mojito” without mint, lime and in a coffee glass. When the bartender was making a cocktail - he wanted to add regular rum - I had to tell me that I needed white! When I tried the first sip and grimaced, the (apparently acquaintances of the bartender) who were behind the counter began to laugh and point their fingers at me! When asked “Why aren’t the necessary ingredients available?” the bartender said he added syrup! It's outrageous! Why do they pour me unknown things for my money? Why doesn't the bartender warn you about what he's doing? And why are some strange people making fun of me right behind the bar? Naturally, I didn’t drink it and left the cocktail to the bartender and his friends!\nPerhaps the bartender didn’t know how to prepare this cocktail, but it’s clear why he didn’t say so and why he started adding who knows what to it?\nWith such service and level, you need to sell pies at the station, but it’s not a fact that instead of a pie with cabbage, you will give the client exactly what he ordered!", 'Just a great place! I recommend it to everyone - everything is 5+: atmosphere, service, cuisine, drinks, attentive and pleasant waiters, I haven’t had such pleasure from a cafe for a long time)) We got there by accident yesterday, December 31st, now I personally will be a regular customer! Thank you very much for being you and for your wonderful attitude!', "The interior is good, beer is not to everyone's taste.", 'Very smoky hookahs, pleasant atmosphere, fast service and delicious food, and this season they also created a summer area, a very positive establishment 👍', 'The best hookah bar in the city of Dnepr', 'The best hookah bar in the city.', '', 'The facade and interior of the establishment is a plus, it is clear that they put their soul into it, but the interior ends on the way to the WC (the corridor in which it smells of kitchen, drinks are set in packs, is visible\nbehind the scenes of this establishment and it is not in the best shape), the WC itself: instead of toilet paper - napkins, an unpleasant smell, the soap dispenser is leaking, cosmetic repairs are needed in some places. Hall: interestingly decorated, a lot of interior details, but the tablecloths on the tables are not ironed, there are stains on the sofas, the door to the street is open and all the road dust flies into the hall, the M1 channel is on, that is, there is no feeling of atmosphere and comfort. Menu: prices like in a restaurant, serving like in a bistro (decoration with dill), taste like in a food court. For example, the cost of borscht is 76 hryvnias, they don’t serve donuts or bacon with garlic and horseradish, just borscht. Service: a waiter in uniform, but without the mood and desire to smile, discreetly brought carried away is called. The pricing for such an establishment remains a mystery and why the concept of the interior does not coincide with the kitchen, cleanliness and service at all?!', 'A very tasty light lunch. Cozy atmosphere, I was especially pleased with the photos of my favorite actors.. Polite staff. There will be something to tell my Greek relatives. I came to visit friends in Ukraine.', 'The idea is good, but the execution is 3. The interior, toilet, dishes do not correspond to the restaurant category. The level of service is even deeper minus 😦 it’s better to remain silent about the food. Thank you but no.', "Great bar! We need more places like this!!!!\nAnd then these clubs and restaurants are already fed up with the order.\nThe bartender doesn't make you wait for your drink.\nEverything is fast and clear...", '', '', '', '', '', 'Ok. Could be better...', 'Good food.', 'Great view.', 'Only positive emotions. Having come once, it’s impossible to forget. I want to come again and again.', 'Does not work', '', '', '', 'The food is very tasty, hookahs are the best in Donetsk.', 'it will do, but when there are a lot of hookah smokers, you can’t breathe', 'The Dj created a brilliant atmosphere that is not found anywhere else in the city.', 'In general, it’s not even bad for Donetsk', 'Normal', 'A pleasant and cozy place for evening gatherings with groups of friends. When fully planted it is a bit noisy. I like the place because despite the fact that our table is taken by one waiter, but while he is busy, any of the waiters can take the order and even go and clean the table without asking. There are quite a lot of appetizers on the menu, but I would like to add some desserts.', 'Great place, nice staff, cozy rooms. The menu is not large, but interesting. There are no frills here - this is a pub. There are no desserts on the menu, but if you ask the waiters - that is)\nThere is also a smoking room with hookahs.\nHave been several times and everything is top notch. The dishes are delicious, they took: salting from veal, from silver carp, baked potatoes, set Fry and set Full raskolbas - I liked it very much.\nOne minus - the coffee is not tasty (', 'Visited this place with a large group.\n\nFrom the "pros":\n\n1. Convenient location. Literally 30 seconds walk from a public transport stop.\n\n2. There is a summer playground, although I would recommend sitting indoors, as the great design and atmosphere will make your evening much better.\n\n3. Inside is spacious and plenty of space. Despite the fact that the institution serves hookahs, the smell from them is practically not felt.\n\n4. Clean and very comfortable toilet. Good odor suppression, the presence of paper towels and liquid soap, there are special shelves for phones in the booths. The lids of the trash cans are equipped with motion sensors and open without contact.\n\n5. Polite administrator and waiters. Without problems, they issue a separate account, exchange cash and give change. Paying by card is no problem either.\n\n6. There is a separate cigar room for lovers of good tobacco.\n\n7. Bluela is served quickly. The taste of the dishes is beyond praise. Beer is tasty and fresh, properly bottled.\n\nFrom controversial points:\n\n1. The institution "aykos friendly" and it serves hookahs. At the same time, I did not notice a separate area for non-smokers.\n\n2. The institution itself, with the exception of the summer playground, is located on the basement floor, or rather, in the basement. To get to it, you need to go down the stairs. Therefore, companies with sedentary citizens should consider this problem in advance.\n\nIn addition to the above points, I did not notice frank "minuses".\n\nFor lovers of pubs and atmospheric establishments, I definitely recommend it.', 'A small, cozy sports bar for fans and beer lovers.🥂⚽🍺The bar has only 5 tables and 3 plasma TVs, there was no redneck activity, just what you need for a quiet and relaxing viewing of the matches!👌', 'The beer is delicious and fresh!\nTrue, after football there were problems with snacks. (They promised to fix it by the next day).', 'Not a bad place to have a beer. Nice atmosphere inside.', 'Good fresh beer, an assortment of beers and, most importantly, an excellent “topping up” in a bottle/glass, the first time I’ve seen this!!!', 'Great beer set, crowdy but cozy place somehow', "The place is for beer lovers only. They offer really good variety (one of the best in the city) of craft beers. Place is almost loft. It's not really good designed for quality time with a group of friends, more just for drinking beers in small company of 1 or 2 or take away. Recommend.", 'Very pleasant barstaff. Beer cheap enough. Brilliant experience', 'Very good beer... İ love you guys thank you for everything', 'Nice place, quite small but cozy. Every Friday,Saturday eve life jazz from 10pm ♡ . Interesting drinks recipies. Sure accept cards)', 'The best cocktails ever. This place is hard to find, but it’s definitely worth it.', 'Perfect place for the evening with friends and alco. Significantly attentive staff who are real good in a pro way.\nBut a bit pricy at the end.', 'Top level drinks, best bar un town for sure.  guys work with passion and servis excellent!', 'Great food and drinks. Best place to meet or celebrate in ZP with family and friends.', 'Great pub with a good food and a big selection of beer.', 'Meat really delicious. And good place.', 'Good restaurant and grill!', 'Food was absolutely amazing but slightly pricey for the Ukraine.  Cool atmosphere and good drink selection. Worth checking out if not on a strict budget.', 'This a great place to have a drink. Good menu, tasty dishes. I love to spend time with my friends here.\nGreat stuff.\nHighly recommend this place!', 'Awesome pub. Good atmosphere, music, service is great. The beer is fantastic, the burger is to die for honestly the bacon and patty the fresh veggies. It’s perfect! Waiters can speak English decently enough to understand the menu and what you want. You just earned a new regular', 'Food quality makes it 3 or maybe 4; the location, ambience and service are really so good that they earn the last stars from me; my brother and I had a blast here by playing a game. We set a rule that we had to quote Churchill before or during every order or had to buy the round; the staff got a kick out of it and had a blast with us. Great crew that are willing to have fun. If you are fun and willing to have some then this is a place to go.', "We had an unpleasant experience.\nUnfortunate, the servers were slow and for some reason, that nobody explained us, our food came 32min after we got a drinks.\nIt was not a busy night, also the table near us experienced the same delay with their food and bill.\nWhen we were leaving, server didn't apologize and provided 5% discount, what is very disappointing. Adding the bill to the photos.\nWant to mention, that food and drinks were great.", 'Tasty beer, lovers should try', 'Good food, superior waiter and cozy atmosphere. Prices higher than middle but it worth', 'It was perfect! I like this restaurant. In this place is old traditions like in «Kumpel». Tested bear, food. The atmosphere was cool, cozy. Personal was very polite and professional.', "Tasty Beers. Tasty Pizzas. Friendly servers. We look forward to going back and enjoying ourselves. You should definitely check it out. Large beer selections and for you Americans out there, the best ranch dressing I've had in Ukraine.", "Mixed feelings. It's not possible to make an order at the bar (I'll never understand it). You need to sit down and deal with waitresses. It's a bit too hipsta. Beer is good. Pizza is fine but not my kind.", 'This place is great and has an awesome atmosphere. But it is always about details. Regarding bathrooms, they have 3 spots for males and only 1 for females. So, as a girl, expect drinking beer for 20 mins and then spend 40 mins in a line for that single restroom. I mean not 1 to 3, but 3 to 1. Really?', 'good beer selection, tasty food 😊', 'Their home made beers are really good. Tastes like peanut in it to me :) and their foods are really delicious. Especially pork specialities. It is a crowded place and to have a place outside is nearly impossible in the evenings. But they have an underground salloon and it also has a good atmosphere. Strongly recommended.', "It's nice place with decent beers and meals. Be prepare to wait for the table if you didn't make reservation earlier. Not sure why this place is so popular. Soup was a bit too salty, steak was good but not cooked as requested.", "We came here for breakfast. I can say that it was a mistake, cause the place is definitely overrated - I don't believe, that their chef can cook anything if he can't even properly cook scrambled eggs. After all there was a mosquito on the toast, which would be a good finding in a piece of amber, not on the plate. (see pictures attached)", "Their menu is something incredible. They have so many different dishes to choose between that it won't be enough coming there for 5 days in a row! If you're visiting lviv for the first time, or if you want to try a really good place,  you must take a visit in this restaurant!", 'Great place to visit and repeat it always! Tasty food, amazing beer and services!', 'The cuisine was very disappointing. Salads and main dishes are offered in sets of 3 small portions. When I asked to bring me one salad in a large size for the full price, the waiter said that it is not possible, although in the menu was indicated that you could choose one for the full price. As a result, I ordered a dish with "tender meat", which was impossible to chew at all, the meat turned out to be cold with hot grilled vegetables. Beer seems to be not bad, but friends complained that their head hurt in two hours. The whole impression is not the best, it\'s not the cheapest place and I definitely won’t go there anymore.\nOf the advantages, one can note the beautiful design and polite, friendly staff.', 'Really good Mosaic and other craft beer, but portions are very small. You would need at least 2 meals. However, really good design and music, that compose a great atmosphere. Definitely recommended for a companies. Friendly personnel. Also really nice proposals for a lunch.', 'Best location in area. Nice food and staff', 'Very good resto to hang out. But little bit slow', 'It was very crowded on Saturday at midnight, we had to reserve a table for 5 persons. Both cocktails and food were delicious!', "Name may be a bit misleading. It's more of a club, with really tiny dancefloor. Much too loud for conversations. Location and no entrance fee is definitely the best thing about it, you can just check it out and leave if you don't dig it.", 'This is an awesome place. Drinks are soooo good, no really. Just come and check it. Prices are fair, but if compare prices and quality of drinks with other places around - this place is a te real win.', 'Have asked about IPA, got totally different beer.\nThe girl was rude and said she just forgot. Keep your staff competent.', "Awesome beer sets! They have board games to play as well. I suggest you take a few rounds of Jenga while drinking beer with your lads, it's a lot of fun!", 'Good place, nice food', 'A neat little pub we stopped at for a beer. Many bilingual people in area.', 'All is Good and food is perfect. We came at 5am, but if Youre Open it does not mean that You can move all the tables with such dusturbing loudness. We felt\nLike we ate our food in center of cleaning time. Good prices! Smiling staff!', 'Have been here many times before.. But if that is a potato with microscopic ham in it.. Probably the inflation hit Lviv more..\nThe same chain in Dinipro or Kharkiv was serving much much bettet good.. I will not come here again..', 'Happy place with only 4 kinds of beer, but with lots of other alcoholic drinks. Fun entertainment waits for you in the evening, and 18+ show is worth to be seen.', 'Super nice atmosphere fulfilled by Ukrainian songs and great Ukrainian food. People can sing in teams on the scene, dance on the chairs and tables.', 'Good beer, not the biggest selection compared to other pubs. Cool atmosphere to watch football matches as the place is decorated in such way.', "I can't set for certain why I am drawn to this pub. Perhaps it is the flawless English of the owner Andrey, as well as his welcoming manner. In any case, this is a terrific spot especially for sports fans. Full of paraphernalia especially of the local Carpaty football team, a big screen always featuring the game, cozy atmosphere, and a jovial crowd.\n\nStop in for a pint and some good eats, you'll be coming back again and again.", 'Amazing Atmosphere especially on game day.\nMust visit if you are man utd fan', 'The place is almost in old town of Lviv city center. Nice food, not high prices and friendly personnel. Good choice of beer. Nice place to watch a football match with your friends. Fans f Manchester United would really like this place.', 'Great food quality', "The food is really tasty\nBut while you wait for the waiter, you will simply die of hunger\nthe staff sits in the middle without even looking at the terrace, and this is on a permanent basis\nToday, they came for dinner again and after waiting for 17 minutes, they just couldn't stand it, turned around and left\nP.S\nOnly 2 tables were occupied, and there were at least 2 waiters on shift\n\nI ask the institution's administration to pay attention to this and take measures", 'The food is good, the potatoes are tasty.\nI like the impression that I am dining in the Carpathians.', 'Great facility!! Delicious food and friendly staff!!! I recommend)', 'Very nice service and very nice place. So delicious guacamole', 'Terribly!\nThere is nothing from the desserts, the hoods do not work, hookah lovers also need to take a breath of fresh air, 3 points for the service and this is for the girl because she is just polite... I do not recommend\nTo the question of the hood, I was answered "it does not charge"\nI never wrote comments, it just brought me out...', 'I came with my parents on vacation, to smoke a hookah and try cocktails, and we were very satisfied with the atmosphere, service, hookah and cocktails in particular (which is important to me, since I myself work in this industry, well done to the bartender) I would also like to mention Yulia, she added good emotions before the visit. Everything was great. This is one of the best establishments in Lviv, I highly recommend it! 😋', 'A chic establishment with a modern, fresh interior for lovers of lounge bars and delicious food. At the entrance to the restaurant you immediately see a photo area with a swing. Then you can choose the first or second floor. The establishment plays pleasant music, has an experienced hookah man and a very friendly administrator. There are no questions about the food, the tartar is very tasty. The cocktails are also very beautifully presented and delicious. Prices are reasonable. Definitely worth a visit!', 'Nice location and service. Very good drinks.', "𝗨𝗣𝗗𝗔𝗧𝗘: owners are just sick. I've just noticed they DM'ed me photos from a 𝗦𝗘𝗖𝗨𝗥𝗜𝗧𝗬 𝗖𝗔𝗠𝗘𝗥𝗔 with me and my friends sitting in the bar 😨... telling they can't see the reason for the bad review.\nWell, I extended it bellow and it is now one star instead of initial two.\n\nCocktails were just usual and too expensive for this quality. Me and my friends ordered 4 different cocktails, I tried each one and was really disappointed. I can order similar in any pizza place for the half price.\n\nAlso, stuff didn't let us move 2 chairs to sit at the table so we had to sit at the bar. Just a few minutes later, other visitors just moved the chairs to the exact same table we initially wanted.\n\nMoreover, glasses are cheap and are unpleasant to drink from comparing to other cocktail places near (e.g. Baczewski Restaurant, Sous Kafe) with the similar prices.\n\nDo not recommend this place for cocktails.", "Nice little spot. Main floor is a hallway where the restrooms are and then you go down the basement where there's is a couple of handful of tables and a bar. Friendly staff and good drinks.", 'The interior is a bit poor but cocktails are great. Service was on a good level however sometimes you don’t feel this personal touch.\nI would definitely come here again in case of all other relevant places are busy.', 'Great establishment! Atmospheric pub (albeit with terrible music), cool interior, cozy tables and polite staff. Pleased with the prices, but upset the burgers. For 85 UAH they brought us a medium burger, with french fries, pickles and fresh vegetable salad. Everything looked amazing, but the burger is a complete disappointment. It feels like they bought it in a stall at the station and just warmed it up. Obviously not fresh, heated chicken, inappropriate mushrooms, which, by the way, are not mentioned on the menu, tomato, not fresh bun and kichinese. Because of the advantage, I go here again, try something else, but the burgers here are a complete fiasco, bro.', "Oh, how I liked and sunk into the soul of this place. The girl greets you cordially with a smile, immediately right at home. We didn’t order much, but we ate well, we also liked the beer very much. Prices do not bite, the food is delicious, the service is a bomb, the interior is original, but cool. To go to the toilet, of course, it was a little unusual, you need to take a card from the girl at the bar, since the door can only be opened with the help of such a card. And such a picture was observed. One person went to the toilet, naturally took the card, and the second one followed, so when the first one came out and left with the card, the second one remained blocked in the restroom. So look)) But the place is really very good. I advise. And I'll be back to you ❤️", 'Accidentally got into this institution. Very friendly staff. Menu with photos of dishes. Prices are moderate. The dishes were prepared delicious so quickly. Special thanks to the waitress Liza for her attentiveness, tact and friendliness. I recommend', "Great place with its own atmosphere, nice service and a wonderful place.\nThe girl at the entrance has a wonderful smile and welcome. The varieties are delicious, it's a pity there is only one variety from craft. I recommend.", 'I didn’t expect this level of service, the prices are great👌', 'Very beautiful.', '👍👍👍', '👍👍👍', 'Delightful drink', "An interesting “nivaika” in the style of “they don’t sit here”\nI'm indifferent to alcohol, got into it by accident. I was pleased with the format, I have not seen similar places in the Kyrgyz Republic, I thought it was in the spirit of an ordinary cafe, you sit and eat and drink\nI took a sip of the drink, it didn’t seem bad.", 'It is very cool that the drunken cherry appeared in Kryvyi Rih!\nVery cool establishment, service at the level, very tasty liqueur 🍒\n\nA piece of Lviv ❤️ I recommend!)', 'If you want to have a good rest, come here!\nGreat and tasty drink and lots of smiles and quality service!\nIt is possible to sing and have positive emotions', 'Absolutely delicious hamburger- sauce is perfect, meat was wonderful. It was messy but worth it! Perfect amount of fries for a not-too-heavy lunch. Definitely will be back!', 'Enjoyed a great meal last night with my beautiful Lena, food was very good, service was great too. Great quiet atmosphere with good music too. We will come again, highly recommended.', 'Very tasty tarts. A little sad, that the service is not in Ukrainian language.', 'Good ambience and great place for meeting, fine dining or even working in peace and tranquility. Selection of food and drinks is good in addition to be reasonably priced...', '', '👍👍👍', 'Glory to Ukraine!\nGlory to heroes!\nSuch a greeting would be good for your waiters and bartenders to know.\nToday we visited pubdoping to have a drink and, unfortunately, we were disappointed. We cannot recommend your establishment. The first drawback is the undersalted dish (the potatoes in the pan with mushrooms were not salty at all), the second - the table was cleared on time (I had to call the waiter), the third - I had to wait a long time for the check with the payment, and when I approached the bar counter and asked, they tried to give me a check in hands instead of being given at the table, as it should be. Most likely due to the fact that we pointed out a shortcoming that we noticed when ordering songs. The song "Oh, the red viburnum in the meadow" was cut (only the chorus), although there are also verses in it.\nMoney was paid for a full song. We were told that complaints are only to the management. So, dear management of SportPub"Doping", I ask you to take this shortcoming into account and to work out the above issues with your staff.\nThank you in advance.\nGood Bye!', 'The place is highly recommended. The food is tasty, high-quality, prepared and served quickly. Cool interior with paintings and advertising, photos of sports competitions of the beginning of the 20th century. A large section of the wall is dedicated to Olga Harlan, there is even her original tunic with the inscription "KHARLAN UKR" on the back. Shots please with originality and price. There is a hookah.', 'A good place! Smoke hookah! Nice staff! Easy and relaxed atmosphere! I recommend! To relax with friends, what you need! Affordable prices! By the way, we need a waiter (ka)! The place is very good! No frills, everything is exactly as it should be!', 'One of the best APA.', 'Great beer', 'Good!!!', "I'm just delighted!!! We don't have such a great selection of beer anywhere else! For every taste, different completely exclusive varieties. You can try it and enjoy the interesting atmosphere, you can take it home, you can even bring your own snack!!! In general, I am a fan!!!! Everything is done with great professionalism, imagination and immeasurable love....", '', '', "I like this place, it's pretty quiet, they have a great service, really nice people work here. I do recommend this place to visit.\nThey have a special menu, beer create by themselves. The minus of the menu - it's pretty hard to read, cause it's just a photos of the paper menu in the Google docs. But in other case, it's just one minus.\nWhen I've ordered the latte, I've got it in the beer glass, it was funny 😃\nYou can order table by phone call, it's convenient, as I mentioned before, the people who work here really nice and professional. I have been enjoyed to visit this place 😌", 'Very nice atmosphere. Good food. Excellent cocktails. Nice staff.\nCame to the pool side in the morning at 11am when it opens, enjoyed tanning on the sunbeds until lots of children came and started jumping and splashing in the pool.\nOverall, very nice place!', "A great place to relax and enjoy food, drinks, friends and scenery. It is called an Irish bar, but I'm not sure why. The food and drinks are well priced and the seating is comfortable. Our waiter spoke decent English and they have an English menu on request. Service is attentive without being pushy or making you feel rushed. There is a pool (belonging to the hotel next door) that you can swim in for a nominal fee, and they provide a towel. It gets a little windy in the afternoon, but in hot days it feels particularly refreshing.", "Cozy place with yummy food. They have lots of different alcohol. I've tried the Ruby one, which suddenly tasked like a beer.\nThe place has a nice view. It looks beautiful on the evenings", 'Good barbecue,  good hookah, good beer, good service  good location on the street.. Food and drink a little pricey, hookah normal.', 'Tasty steak, good service, live music can be too loud as usual in Ukraine.', 'Good place, awesome hooka and live music', 'Good location, good staff, enjoyable', 'Very tasty excellent beer', 'Good portion of food, decent prices for Zurich, variety on beers, I liked the cherry cider too at 6 chf', 'Amazing beef guiness pie. Tasty fish burger. Good beer on tap.', "Really friendly bartenders, good beer selection, pretty good food. Around 16 beer taps, of which 6 are sadly dedicated to plain old Guinness. Burgers, wraps, pub fare. We had a great time and the bartenders were very helpful. Zurich pricing, I guess that's inevitable.", 'Great atmosphere - close to a larger chain pub in the UK but expensive for a pub. Nice to have in Zurich to remind of home. Food was good, not great. Staff were lovely. Pub quiz is CROWDED but the MC is entertaining and does his best to get the crowd into the mood.', 'The food was so good, especially the burger!!\nThe atmosphere was so cool and worm', 'Nice little niche of Ireland in Willishofen. Run by expats, you get most of the plus - generous portions, good burgers, nostalgia beers - and none of the disadvantages: this place is spotless clean!', 'Can’t come without ordering some onion rings 😋 the best ones so far and the chicken wings 💯 top!\nNice, friendly and helpful guys working there. Good place to be 👍🏽', 'Nice Irish pub, which also has an external terrace. Good beer selection and typical menu. TV scattered around for watching sports. Of course English is the language of choice.', "Great establishment and the food was incredible. The onion rings as a starter were crispy and flavorful. The fish and chips were awesome. Lots of flaky fish and reasonable amount of fries served as it should have been with malt vinegar. We also had an order of veal schnitzel which was pounded flat and fried crispy. Also quite delicious. The bartender brought us some nice double espresso for dessert. We had plum crumb and a chocolate lava cake for dessert which were out of this world. Drinks were flowing with beer and club soda and otherwise a very delightful evening. Our waiter and bartender we're very friendly and struck up an awesome conversation after dinner. Definitely a place to come and enjoy 👍👍👍👍👍👍", 'Very elegant Irish pub with a great atmosphere and attentive service.', 'Upscale pub in Zurich with friendly service, nice ambiance and a tasty house grappa distilled from plumbs. My only gripe is that the draft beer was a few degrees warmer than I prefer, although this seems to be the norm in Switzerland. Overall a top notch place.', "It was quite different from my previous experience, maybe because it was in noon. It's more a restaurant with a bar attached than an informal setting. It's good to hang out after work if your office is nearby, or else it doesn't make sense to visit by travelling or changing connections.", 'Bartender took her time pouring the perfect beer. My friend had the fish & chips and said it was the best he had. Atmosphere is great inside.', 'We ran into this place as we were exploring Old Town Zürich. We met Andrew from Columbus, OH who told us that it was Zurich’s oldest expat pub. We fell in love with the place immediately. Great selection of beers and the vibe is of an old English style pub. They were doing trivia that night as well. We will definitely be back.', 'Great atmosphere and crowd! Was able to watch NFL games including my Green Bay Packers! Great food and beer! I highly recommend!', 'I’ve been traveling throughout Europe for a month and spent nearly two weeks in the UK, and the fish & chips here are the best I’ve ever had. Amazing flavor, crunchy but tender, and absolutely delicious! And the bloke running the place was so friendly and welcoming, I couldn’t be happier! Thank you for an awesome experience!', 'Walking around the city of Zurich I came across this venue. Decorated with Halloween trimming. I had a pint of Guinness and a double burger with fries. The girl on the bar with the English accent (who happens to be Swiss) was charming.', 'Right in the centre of Zurich, this place has an amazing vibe. Visited the place in the evening, and I would definitely recommend it for a night out. A great tribute to Lord Horatio Nelson, which is  generally regarded as the greatest officer in the history of the Royal Navy. His reputation is based on a series of remarkable victories, culminating in the Battle of Trafalgar where he was killed in his moment of triumph.', 'Good location in the heart of the city\nLot of place / nice selection of beers\nQuite dark and not so much ambiance. Quite expensive for what it is.', 'If you’re missing English beer, this place is great, they also have bitter which is unusual here. However, they ruin the atmosphere with loud techno music before 8pm…. They haven’t looked at who is their audience on a Thursday or Friday evening, most of which are older and want to hear themselves talk and not be bombarded with loud music so early in the evening. Outside seating was already taken , we left to go next door to the roof top which was more pleasant.', "Despite the late time for lunch (kitchen was closed), Ahmad was so nice and kind to welcome us with some delicious chicken wings and fries! He covered all our needs with a super attention, greatly appreciated! Definitely a place to try if you're in town.", 'Big Ben is actually a nice bar in the middle of Zurich. Selection of beers is good, however there was no kitchen, on a Saturday evening? Good for a quick beer and watching a match, though', "Rude and racist bar, wish could give it a zero stars review. My friends and I visited it around midnight to grab drinks, there were barely any people in the bar. After some time, when I asked for water, the lady at the bar seemed annoyed and frowned while handing me a glass of water. When a few more of us asked for water, the lady and the other bartender told us that the pub is closed, while they continued serving other (mostly caucasian) customers! We told them we will pay them for the water, they pretended they aren't listening to us, while gladly serving other customers. We left the bar surprised and shocked at this blatant racist behavior!", 'Let’s face it: It’s the best place in all of Zurich. Best whisky, best beer (no run of the mill!), best cigars and tobacco products, best location, best ever atmosphere and then there’s the one defining element which is Egon. A home and not one away from home. An actual home. Make this your living room away from everything daunting. Great music all year round and about a million screens with all the sports imaginable. This you won’t find anywhere else! Tradition, local and pure class. The locals shape this place.', "Too many drunk people.\nSometimes they fight, sometimes they don't.\nOutside sitting is better than inside..", 'Perfect for an after-work beer duringthe week.\n\nNever been on weekends but I guess atmosphere must be even better.\n\nNice music been played on the background when I visited it.\n\nSeveral screens around the place playing sports and two darts machine.\n\nToilets are clean, not smelly and well serviced.\n\nSmokers welcome. They have a dedicated, closed by glass, area inside the bar.', 'The food and service was amazing.  The bartender spoke English, German, Dutch and French. The pad Thai was the best! Great food & drink selections', "15 minutes to be attended, the waitress that finally saw me , was interrupted by her college before we could order the second drinks.\nAfter another 5 minutes...finally we ordered two cocktails... (Let's call them that like they have in there drink list.) AWFUL!!! PURE ALCOHOL\n\nNot only the cocktail were dreadful, the preparation , the decoration ... It look like a work from some 10 year old .\n\nI payed 49 CHF for two cocktails that from my professional perspective are not even worthy.\n\nMy best recommendation to the owner... TAKE AWAY THE COCKTAILS IMMEDIATELY!!!\n\nI would never order a cocktail here,even if they played me.\n\nSERVICE ZERO\nQUALITY ZERO\n\nI've been in other Nelson bars... This was an embarrassment for the brand.", 'The Pub Quiz on Mondays is a super fun event and we’ve been attending regularly.\n\nTheir reservation organization is not great though. It’s happened to us multiple times where we’ve booked online, double-checked/confirmed over the phone (because we were worried that it hadn’t gone through) only to arrive and for them to tell us that there was no table for us.\n\nIt’s a great place and the staff are super friendly, but they should really improve their reservation process.', 'My first pub when visiting Switzerland for the first time and it was a nice experience. The 2 bartenders from Bulgaria and from Slovakia were super friendly and upbeat. Thank you!', 'No one to serve at the table.\nIn a friday afternoon almost empty .\nNo Pub vibe.\nI was there 2 times before before Pandemie and the vibe was way better.\nI hope they can return to their glory days.', "I took a group of friends to Cooper's last week to celebrate a birthday. I don't often leave reviews but we had such a good time and the staff were such legends that I felt I had to.\n\nThe atmosphere was really friendly, the Flammkuchen was delicious and there was also great live music, bingo and karaoke which kept us all entertained! We will definitely be back again.", 'I gave a second chance to this restaurant after a disappointing cheeseburger. I order the "buffalo wings" that were a total disaster. Over fried, no taste nor seasoning, ridiculous size of wings. The picture speaks by itself. It has nothing to do with Buffalo wings! After giving the feedback to the waiter, he came back and said that it is how it should be. Just avoid this place.', 'This is a great pub on the west side of Zurich.  Ahmad and his crew are the best.\n\nFantastic food and sports on TV. Service is top notch ... highly recommend if in the area.', 'Great hangout. The service staff are super friendly and helpful. Special thanks to our server (missed her name) and Ahmad, who went out of their way to get us the french fries long after the kitchen was closed 😊', 'Went because it was close to my hotel. Ordered a few drinks which were fine. What was not fine was asking for two tap waters and being charged 2 CFH each (U$2.25). A tad petty.', "Unbelievably small food portions. Don't eat here unless on a diet. Steak Pie (ie mini Pukka pie) took 30 plus minutes to defrost, fish and chips only has one small piece of fish and a thimble of mushy peas. Good for sports though, just plan for a pre or post visit kebab.", 'Great vibe!  Fish and chips were excellent.  Watched a rugby game with locals. Big fun.', "After a few hours of exploring Old Town Zurich, we stopped here for the beginning of our pub crawl.  This was stop number one.  The decor is tastefully done and not gaudy.  They had a good selection of beer on tap.  There is a snug overlooking a brasserie.  They have outdoor seating too.  I ordered a Moscow mule which even came in a proper copper mug.  There was a food menu but we only came from drinks.\n\nA family with kids and strollers sat near us and ordered food so it's good for kids too.", "Nice pub which serves decent prized beer and shows sports from their multiple tvs. They even had access to the channel showing the ice hockey world championship 2023 which isn't too popular in Swiss pubs. Went there many times and would definitely go again too", 'Awesome place to go out alone or get together with friends and enjoy some delicious fresh cocktails. Cozy place with great staff, amazing personalities.\nWeekends great live DJs without being charged for entrance 🙏🏻\n\nLove it. Can just recommend 😋', 'We had a great time. we were on the rooftop at the beginning of the evening, had some food, special attention to the burgers, including a veggie one, and also had some shisha. The decor was very pretty.. although in the middle of the city, it was kind of a secluded rooftop, almost forgot we were in Zurich. Very nice.\nLater went down to the bar and had a lot of fun. The ladies working on the rooftop were very nice and playful. The bartenders down in the bar were very funny and nice too.\nIf we come around Zurich again we will definetly coming back. Thank you', 'Great chicken wings and fabulous cheese Raclette. We thoroughly enjoyed that evening in the rooftop terrace. Great service and marvellous Guinness.', 'Very nice place close to the mainstation to spend good times. The staff is very jolly and energetic, something that Zürich definitely needs more.\n\nIf you want to have a nice drink in the heart of Zürich I recommend Lady Hamilton‘s!', "Very bad experience with the waitress, very rude. I don't reccomand", 'Waiting for the microphone one hour! And the bodyguard took it away from our hands and said that it’s close but after give it for another girl! At the end I said it’s not fear and he just kick me out!', 'Righi after entering, they forced us to get a Drink… well okay if that is their policy…\n\nAfter two beers and a Rum-Cola(which were meh), I asked for a tap wather and they just said no… In every place in Zurich it is used to get Tap-Water for free…\n\nVery disapointing and rude staff..', 'One of the best karaoke places that I know. Only issue I had with them is that the DJ would push certain songs up the queue for some, for a price. But now they have a new DJ who thankfully doesn’t do that. I’m happy to wait my turn, and I’m glad they addressed the issue!', 'They sell laced weed to u, never pickup from this bar, it’s spice', 'Could be better and more organized.', '𝑁𝑒𝑢𝑔𝑎𝑠ℎ𝑜𝑓 𝑖𝑠𝑐ℎ 𝑏𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑤𝑎𝑠 𝑒𝑖𝑚 𝑝𝑎𝑠𝑖𝑒𝑟𝑒 𝑐ℎ𝑎𝑛 𝑏𝑖𝑛 𝑖𝑚𝑚𝑒𝑟 𝑓𝑟𝑜ℎ 𝑤𝑒𝑛𝑛 𝑖𝑐ℎ 𝑚𝑖𝑡 𝑑𝑒𝑚 𝑛𝑒𝑙𝑜 𝑟𝑒𝑑𝑒 𝑐ℎ𝑎𝑛', 'Yesterday there was not as good service as its used to be. Pitty', 'Great location, wide variety in local and international beers, laidback atmosphere, pleasant people, charismatic barkeeper and owner.', 'Overall a nice and friendly Pub. Good selection of beers but nothing special.', 'Fair prices and great atmosphere. The best part is board games night every Tuesday from 19:30! Fantastic people and nice ambience 🤩', 'Incredible place with warm atmosphere with very hot barmen 😊', 'I went there on a saturday evening, they had karaoke playing. Half of the songs were early 2000s classics but the other half were terrible and not many people knew them.\nThe bar also has a weird atmosphere, not very cosy but definitely not fancy either. The people there were all rather old.\nThe prices are way too high.', 'Wow! What can I say. I came over the pond from the USA for a Krokus concert and they made me feel right at home. Love u guys! THX.', 'Their staff were really rude and aggressive\nThe game machine took my money I asked them to help me, they said yeah the machine is broken! Very disappointing\nI won’t go there anymore', "Decent bar, they have TV  screens so they play the games. But The shots are too expensive, and there's no draft beer.", 'Warm, friendly pub. There’s a variety of seating, from a meandering bar to cocktail tables to corner booths for quiet conversation. I appreciated the interesting nautical theme and artifacts. Staff are welcoming and friendly and the beverage choices suited to various tastes, including local beers on tap, some treats for expats, and a good selection of liquors.', 'Very nice waiters/waitress good Service 🤩👌🏾', 'Nice casual spot to grab a drink with friends. The staff are lovely people and there is a cool terrace open during summer. The only downside is that the indoor space for non-smokers is quite small, but there is a large indoor room for smokers. The drink pricing is great compared to Zürich!', 'Very good atmosphere and wonderful garden like bar. Serving delicious cocktails and bbq sausages. A bit pricey but definitely worth an evening there.', 'Excellent pub with a really nice selection of beers on tap. They usually have my favourite Wiehanstephaner Weissbier from Bavaria. The staff are very polite, courteous, and prompt. One of my favourites in Zurich, with reality good food. I love the nachos here. Ice heard very nice reviews of the Ramen from my friends. 5 stars.', 'We went on a Wednesday a group of 10. The atmosphere is great for groups with long tables and wide rooms.\nThe team is kind and witty. They were professionals and good timings.\nI had the cheeseburger with coleslaw salad, which was not bad.', 'Great staff. Pork Ramen noodles were fabulous. Nice noodles in perfectly seasoned chicken broth with fresh veggies and pork. Delicious and quick. Not a huge amount of seats available at lunch. Go early. Good selections of non-traditional choices of beer and Ales. Good porter and stout in bottles. Yum!', "In general great as usual, except one thing.\nThe bar has a policy of no own food while food serving stops at 21:45. We were kicked out when we came at 22:00, learned that there is no food serving and brought a pizza with us.\nWe'd recommend to make the no own food policy in action only during food serving hours. Otherwise it makes the bar attending after 22:00 very uncomfortable.", 'One of few places that was open till late, so we could enjoy our drinks for a bit longer.\nNice atmosphere and friendly staff.', 'great place, great atmospher, great drinks, great service', 'Comfortable', "Great place, very nice to work with! I'll definitely come back!", 'Tasty burgers and great mood in the bar.\nDefinitely recommend. Great selection of beers.\n\nWish the french fries portion was bigger with the burger.\n\nWas very happy with the focaccia as well.', 'Very cool vibe in this pub in old town.  Good beers and a great night of comedy as well!', 'Great food and very reasonable prices for Switzerland. However, despite not being very busy, service was a bit on the slow side.', 'Great place for sport events. Service is incredible and food is great. Juliet is an amazing host', 'Ally delivers on the true Irish Pub hospitality, a home away from home.\nI cannot recommend this place enough', 'Awful manner.\nWe were a group of 10 archi students having an excursion in Geneva and we came across this cozy Irish bar. At first everything went well until we were about to leave, that the bartender raged us pay 20CHF more since the machine said we ordered two more drinks. We checked everyone’s bank accounts and transaction histories and we were sure that we only paid for 10 drinks, one per each person. We showed the bartender our transaction history but in return he said: “pay the 10 FHR and you’ll be fine to leave Geneva!” This was holy awful and no one else in the bar tried to help us. We had an Irish classmate with us and she realised that the bartender could be actually American, giving us a more skeptical impression to this tragic place.\nWe felt being criticised with a harsh attitude, even when we paid for 10 beers and expressed our gratitude with our half-French language skills.\n\nI hope the machine could get fixed and the bartender could be more generous and open-minded when it comes to problem-solving.', "I was only there for about 45 minutes, but it made a great impression on me and I'll make sure to stop by the next time I'm in town.\n\nMy friend and I were going back to the hotel after dinner, and stopped in for a drink. It was busy, but we still found two seats. The bartender, Ally, was amazing: she was very friendly and made us feel welcome. There was a band playing, and the atmosphere was everything I would hope for in an Irish pub.", 'A small, cosy place. Relatively quiet even on weekends, this is a great place to drink some good Irish beer while having a fun conversation with a good friend :) the decorations are unique enough to mention as well', 'Really tasty chicken and bacon club sandwich, just quite pricey. Staff were attentive and friendly, it was pretty pricey though. Slightly disappointing also that we did not ask for fries but got given fries and did not realise that was an extra charge on top of the sandwiches themselves. This may have been a language issue though since we aren’t from here', 'Great atmosphere to have a drink and watch games. Staff friendly and approachable.', "Went to this place on one of the hottest days because they had AC. Wasn't super cool in there but was enough to take the edge off of the 100 degree day.\n\nFish from the fish and chips was excellent. Club sandwich was good except the chicken was a little dry from overlooking", 'Had a great time here today with my family. It was our first time eating at Grand Duke and the fish & chips and the club sandwich were all amazing. We split a pitcher of beer as well. The waiter was great and he even gave us a round of lemon drop shots on the way out! I highly recommend', 'The food was amazing and nice pub as well', "The hamburger was big and tasty and my chicken sandwich was really good too. The chips were crunchy and delicious. I don't drink beer, but my husband said that his beer was really good too (he drunk a hoegaarden)", 'Stopped here for a drink, the atmosphere was so nice and chilled that we stayed for food. Nice seating outside, lots of seating inside. Beer prices average, food was a tad cheaper that some other places. Food was hot, tasty well presented with a good portion. In a good location.', 'Staff very friendly helpful and nice, food lovely and I was surprised they were serving at 11.30pm!! Excellent service.', 'this place was a cool bar to chillout and watch sports before i walked over to UN HQ. i visited as a tourist in April 2023. The bartender from Lithuania was very kind to me and told me areas of interest along Geneva lake for my bike ride. would definitely return. go Genève-Servette HC 🏒 !!', "Great place for a beer with friends. Lot's of fun events. The best place to watch sports with big screens and great atmosphere.", 'Visited thus pub on a Sunday, load of tvs all showing different sports, plenty of seating very to close to downtown  amazing food aswell', 'Good place to drink and watch the football. Many screens and happy to change to suit viewers. One of the only places we could find open to watch the football on a Sunday. Reasonably priced.', 'Good little bar/pub. Friendly staff', "I'd love the place to relax after a hard day of  work.", "What a mega pub. Son and I visited Geneva for a few days and found this pub. We thought it would be a great place to ask about places to visit and trips out, etc.\nGreat reception when we walked in, Mark the barman was so welcoming and helpful we soon had plenty of information. The pizza's are definitely some of the best I've eaten. The atmosphere in the bar is great helped along by Mark who has a great rapport with the locals and strangers a like, we visited on several occasions and celebrated St Patrick's day in the Crowned Eagle. (Got back to our hotel at 2am.) No hesitation in recommending this bar I will be going back later in the year.\nMake sure you ask if Mark is working.", 'Was in Geneva for only two days, found the place first day, luckily. Good pub, nice and friendly crew working there. Felt home at once, came the second day too. If you like pubs, this is good.', 'Good price drinks and outstanding food', 'Britannia Fish & Chips (Perch Fillets, Shrimp tails in breadcrumbs and fried calamari). Instead of the classic fish and chips (which they serve here also), I went for the mixed version in this English Pub that has a range of beers on tap.  Good place to be if there is a live footballl match going on too.', 'Very relaxed ambience. The prices are reasonable and the bartenders are friendly. The beer selection menu is displayed at a convenient location. There are some big tables which might fit around a group of 15+. They have some good selection of spirits. Be sure to ask them if you have something in mind.', "I arrived in Geneva after a difficult two weeks and was greeted by the Britannia not 1 minute after walking out the train station.\n\n1L beer, friendly staff who made such an effort to speak English as my French is basic at best, great atmosphere and, without a doubt, one - if not - the best burgers i have ever had. I don't know if it was the beer, my exhaustion or the burger itself but wow wow wow! People were watching me enjoy the heck out of this burger, I couldn't care less. What a way to start my travelling journey through Europe.\n\n5 stars because 8 isn't an option", "Had rather 2 basic looking cocktails served in normal, basic glasses at PREMIUM*** pricing (43 big bucks) - couldn't believe my eyes for a moment. Especially considering how the overall vibe and atmosphere suggests something otherwise more chill and rather cheap. The billiards table and darts on offer is great (which you'll still have to pay for btw) - but yet again just doesn't line up very well with some of the pricing here. Otherwise, it's still a good time to be had.", "Friendly service, music, good atmosphere, 30CHF for a gin and a beer doesn't put it in the cheap category however.", 'Great place to watch football. I wished the sound from the football match could be louder to create a better atmosphere. Pool and darts also available here to be played', 'Pricey for a standard pub (even for Geneva) and despite having lots of TV screens, unable to put the Premier League on. (Only 1 out of the 5 screens was turned on)', 'Really nice location, the lady who works in the morning made me an incredible mixed plancha of meat and cheese. I have felt very welcome here every time that I have visited', 'Great place. Warm welcome from the owner and joking makes it the perfect choice for chilling in the evening.', 'The exterior area around Charly\'s Pub is recently renovated and very nice, with an open "square" and fountain. Cherly\'s is the same excellent pub that it has always been. Good beer and lots of variety and, of course, all the different other goodies that you would expect. My French is almost nonexistent, but thankfully, the folks at Charly\'s also have good English. And, while Charly\'s has good eats, if you really want a great lunch or dinner, go to Magnum Kebab, just a few meters away and chow down with the best kebab in Saint Genis-Pouilly.', 'Pretty decent place for a drink.', 'Not for everyone but perfect for those who miss Thai food, or miss the fun karaoke atmosphere, or both!\n\nIf you are familiar with Thai food, you can request for dishes outside the menu and make special requests eg. how spicy do you want the food to be, how well done do you want your fried eggs to be, and etc. We went as a group of Thai tourists and found that all the dishes we ordered upon special requests were very flavorful and impressive, made one feels like going back home. However, the dishes on the menu was rather bland, especially the Pad Thai. (If you know how good Pad Thai is supposed to taste, I strongly recommend you to avoid ordering it here. You will be disappointed for sure.)\n\nWhat I really like about this place, though, is its attentive services and lively atmosphere. You can find people singing songs in many languages: Thai, English, French, and so on. Many of them are such talented singers! And well, though some were far from being the best singers, you can feel the joy from them having fun and reliving stress. And who knows, you might discover a new favourite song from this pub!\n\nTo sum up, if you are going there for the food, go there in the early evening and request that the taste is made to be for Thai people. But if you are there for the fun karaoke atmosphere, go in late evening and enjoy!', 'Thai’s pub. Everyone can ask to sing any songs especially Thai songs. Bar tender is very friendly. Food tasted original.', "Great atmosphere, but very crowded in the evenings. In order to sing your song, you will need to wait more than an hour in the rush hours. But if you come a bit earlier in the evening around 20:00 - it's a bit better", "i've been here quite a few times. simply put, it's pretty amazing.\nalas, i can see why someone might not like it. it depends on the personal opinion of each and one of you.  but here's some info anyway:\nthis is a thai bar with lots of thai people in it.  it's a karaoke bar (kinda) and the price range is normal (for geneva).\nthe ambiance is very cool, the staff is very welcoming. they have a security man which is a very nice guy and will be fair with you (as long as you don't cross any lines).\n\ncan get crowded quickly on the weekends.\n\nanyhow, i recommend it at least for a drink to see what's up.", 'Always good ambiance. Great warm service.', 'Loved it the owner very friendly', 'OK', 'Great atmosphere in this little neighborhood bar. Very friendly owner and 5-star welcome. Waitresses listening to customers.', 'Shared a bar platter with the wife then watched the World Cup final here. Staff are fantastic, atmosphere was great, drinks are rather pricey (18 franc cocktails!). Lots of TVs for sports. Small mixup with the bill at the end, but understandable as place was rammed. Will come again.', 'Awesome Pub, went there a couple of times while we where there on a work holiday. Great service, and great selection of drink. Also the food is very good. Cant recommend it enough. Lovely place.', 'This is your standard English pub! Exactly what you can expect :) burgers and fish’n’chips on the menu, huge selection of beer, good sports on the tv screens and friendly staff. I had the godiva burger and it was ok! Fries were less good, but they were included.', "Great English style pub in Geneva beers were very good didn't have food", "It was a chilly spring day so being outside wasn't the best. But the staff is really nice. Looks like a great place to enjoy sunny days having a drink or few outside.", 'Disappointing. Consumers make the hype. Waiters are super slow to serve and the food is just ok. Of course there were plenty of people… but it does not mean I have to wait for 20mn 3 times for a glass of beer', 'Great outdoor bar, perfect place to hang out with friends.', 'Great place, friendly staff. Would recommend for a nice drink', 'Good and delicious food and great music in the background while I was eating. Friendly staff.', 'I like here normally atmosphere and good service 3rd price group. English  speaking', 'Lower service,\nNo quality food,\nRoti very bed quality,\nNo spoon available,\nNo water on table,', '50.- 60.- Minimum in the evening to eat for two. Snacks at noon month expensive 😉 Super enbiance and great choice of 🍻 including "Valaisanne" at 4.50.- Pub side! No, Good Indian cuisine and friendly! 🤩 Guest rooms preferably available with Reservation...', 'Variety of beers on tap, not particularly pricey. Nice decor, music and vibe. No wifi though, they encourage you to talk.', 'This pub was just down from our hotel. The front desk recommended it and it did not disappoint. Super friendly staff/owners and really decent prices. Food & drinks were great! Highly recommend for a perfect spot to relax.', 'This pub was opposite our hotel and popped in on Saturday afternoon, very welcoming and we enjoyed the Guinness and wine. Our son had clearly been doing some exercise (running and gym at the hotel) and the owner brought him some fruit afterwards, very thoughtful', 'A great bar! Staff were nice and drinks were good. Pola was very helpful and attentive - it was a wonderful experience. Would recommend!', 'Cool place, was there for dinner. Superb views, nice food.', 'Nice views', 'The place is cute, we booked for dinner The meal is not bad, big wait for the cocktails we had to remind them several times yet there was no crowd, the person who takes care of the reservations does it no matter how . The staff is friendly but useless comments are to be avoided. The ideal bar music for the 3rd age.', "Magnificent terrace but unfortunately service is not up to par. We arrived around 9:30 p.m., the tables were half empty, despite this the waitress refused to serve us a drink. Not very friendly, nor the sense of service! We won't come back that's for sure!", 'Great and tasteful pizza. Good service and atmosphere. Super location of restaurant. We really enjoyed it and we will definitely come again once we are in Geneva. Highly recommended.', 'Good place for a beer with friends. They have some tables with the draught beer on the table and you can refill you glass by your own. Good quality pizza and finger foods.', 'Beer taps built into the table are a fine idea but the selection is Becks or Guinness which is pretty limiting.\nThey offer basic food which can be very helpful but again not much selection.', 'Lovely bar run by really nice people. Pizzas are pretty good also!', 'The place looked nice, the menu looked great. We were seated and then ignored.\n\nTwo gentlemen were seated next to us about 5-10 minutes into our wait and they were served before us.\n\nWe walked over the road to the McDonalds instead.', 'Food is very good, menu offers a lot of options!\nStaff really friendly, nice design and convenient location.', 'Friendly and helpful staff, good food, only issue is if you have food allergies, your options are restricted.\nOtherwise, good value for money.', 'Food was good and place is not bad either, but service was terrible. Very long wait to get any attention then you get menu and wait for another 20 minutes', 'So we have chosen this restaurant for Valentine\'s day...\nIt\'s pretty big restaurant and - as expected - it was overcrowded...\nThe service is good,  but the staff were not enough...\nWe ordered marinated steak " SURPRISE " which was a real surprise Cs there was no taste at all (of any marinade), and it was surprisingly thick , and finally I haven\'t got my sauce for this steak.\nThe dessert TRIFLE MANGUE is good as well as coffee ☕️.\nAnd thanks for the rose in the end...', 'This is a good place for a fast lunch. The food was very greasy, like in every fast food after all. Desserts looked better than main courses. Staff was very kind, however we went in trouble when we asked for a splitted bill: it was very messy to pay as individual.', 'Nice place. Spotless clean,staff friendly great selection of beer, outside terrace. Food looked nice. I didn’t eat but would if I returned.', 'Luka is the best!! Very good and quick service for 13 people. We had a nice evening there', 'I always enjoy a nice Irish pub for a cold beer on a hot day. They never fail to please. The staff are always smiling and friendly!', 'Going to the pub for years. As women, my friends I feel fairly safe there on a Saturday night. There are always bouncers walking through or checking the crowd. Having said this, never leave your drink unattended!!', "Excellent veggie burger (they use beyond meat products for vegetarian burgers ) and my friend said his burger was great quality and super tasty. Friendly staff.\n\nNot really sure why but I just didn't get a great vibe from the place? Hence we only had 1 Guinness and food and left.", 'Very welcoming and friendly staff. Great beer and tasty fish and chips. Great Irish pub atmosphere. A bit pricey but inline with local prices I think.', 'Was a properly authentic pub with a great atmosphere.  The Pale Ales on tap were good and they tasted fresh which is a nice change as often on tap beer in Switzerland can be a little bit stale.  We sat here for a good couple of hours and it was welcoming and fun.', 'Decent enough but super quiet atmosphere. The bar staff were also very slow to serve despite no-one else waiting', 'Nice pub in Basel,all the sports etc, food looks ok, I know it’s Switzerland but 25 for a curry? I had 3 beers and to be honest they were all flat, you would not get away with it in England. Everything else is fine.', 'Great place for a pint. Staff are especially hospitable and constantly go above and beyond to make your visit exceptional. Atmosphere is relaxed and friendly.', 'We stopped by for a quick (early) dinner. We had Irish stew and fish & chips, accompanied by Magners cider. Nice place, very friendly staff ! Thank you.', "I travel a lot as part of my job. This has to be the most beautifully designed Pub with impeccable details on keeping it true to the Irish culture I've ever seen. Being Irish myself I don't like when people use the Irish name and culture and then get it wrong. In this case they've got it perfect. I talked to the manager and found out the whole pub was designed by an Irish business that is ran by a father and son. They go to the location and then design everything from the ground up. Build it in Ireland and then take it apart.  Ship it to the location (in this case The Auld Dubliner) and the rebuild it. Absolutely astonishing work has been done to make this bar aesthetically appealing in every way.  The drinks and food menu are fantastic.  Food is quick to your table as it seems they have thought of every process so the customer does not have to wait. Most staff seem to be Irish which is a rare thing in Irish bars these days. This is due to the fact businessman just open an Irish Pub to use the culture to make money. In this case it is pure Irish.  Right down to the drawings on the walls of famous photos from Irish culture. The bathrooms and whole bar seems to be kept spotless with constant cleaning when customers have finished their food or drinks. Just watching the staff and the way the place is run is a joy to the Irish ways as hard working folk. I will definitely recommend The Auld Dubliner to anyone who actually wants to experience a real Irish Pub.", "Really nicely decorated bar in Klein Basel, with a terrace out front. There's live music downstairs from time to time, mostly on the weekend. The staff are friendly but not that the bar is pay-by-card-only, no cash accepted. You can order to the table, but it can be easier to order directly at the bar.", 'You can sit outside which is nice, servce is good but food is below average.', 'What a wonderful lady Ms. Vivian, whim I met. She is so motherly, took very good care of us and served us a wonderful motherly meal cooked by her own hands. Thank you Vivian. Love and Regards, Sabyasachi', 'A bit shady, but can be fun on the weekend. Usually a few borderline alcoholics present.', 'Locals pub in need of a little TLC...friendly staff', 'Super!!!', 'Misogyny is advocated here in front of the bartenders. watch out.', 'Very rude to wheelchair users!! You are sent away because you cannot sit down in a normal seat like others.', '', 'I had the chicken salad, it was the best salad I have ever had, the fries were delicious too.', 'Rösti Hawai and a beer. Perfect post over night flight meal.', 'Great place for drinks and pub food. Had many amazing evenings with friends.\n\n+ super friendly and skilled owner (cocktails & shots)\n+ shows any kind of sport\n+ good to meet new people\n+ jukebox & dart available', 'Great place for an authentic pub feeling. Old wooden style bar, great variety of drinks. Amazing staff… most famous amongst locals.\nhead out there for a good evening.', 'Super', 'Were there for karaoke night. Entry price of 4€ per person was ok but there were too many people inside. You could hardly move through the people. In the summer it was way too hot so we had to leave after a cold coke. But I can imagine that it is a cool location when there is no event', 'Great location, nice service, delicious beer. Only the food was really ne zero number. Burger too cold and also chewy. Bun too long toasted side dishes somehow missing the fries or wedges.\nFor a drink and a cozy evening again at any time, but I will eat somewhere else 🤷', 'The food is good but the pub layout and design are excellent. Just like the employees here. I recommend this pub to everyone, especially because of the variety of music.', 'Super location', 'Nice restaurant right near the train station\nYou can have a great drink and you can also get little things to eat in the restaurant. You should look for it when you are there', "After the renovation, really bright and clean again. New refrigerated counter friendly staff. I'm always happy to come back. Music from hits to rock, Onkelz, NDW, 90s, evergreens is all there, occasionally live band. guests very pleasant. Football fans will get their money's worth with games. Clearly recommended.", 'Rocker pub with rather unfriendly hosts. Smoking is allowed even though food is served. I found it hard to relax here with the crowd that was in attendance!', 'Great location in the center of the city. Cool bar staff and the prices are definitely right.', 'Exciting outdoor venue for small theaters', 'Cool bar with live performances', 'Good bar!', 'Nice Hotel that for me is very convenient', "Nice pub with good service and a diverse menu. If you want more than Pils, you're right here. Go upstairs to the bar.", "Well designed place with a 'ship' theme. The rooms are also designed to look like they are rooms on a ship. The feel is very vibrant, ambiance is good. The schnapps are yummy.", 'The best hostel I have ever been to. Best prices, friendly and helpful staff, tasty food, a large variety of drinks, fantastic pirate like atmosphere and great rock music. Very close to Basel, recommended to stay here and with the special card you get at the hostel with check-in, you have a free train drive to Basel and actually all around Schwarzwald. You can get more info at the reception. Suitable also for families and couples. In the bar they have live bands every Friday. The only minus is parking - you can park around the block for free for 90min (from 7.00 to 19.00 hours), then you have to repark your car. The most comfortable option is to park in the underground garage for 12€ (24 hours) and it is 3 min walk from here. All in all it is a great place to check all surrounding areas and get back to a cousy bed on a pirate ship. Argh maties!', 'Manager steals gin and tonics back, right from under your nose. Unbelievable when they cost 22 francs each and this guy twice, the moment your back is turned, whips them off the bar. He needs to be fired.', 'Great staff and cold beer', 'Seems to be either under construction or closed, but definitely not open atm!', "Great friendly folks down here at O'Neill's. If you are into Irish beer a must visit when in Basel!", 'The place and ambience is amazing if you like this viking style vibe. I would have liked to have served at the table but I can understand that not every pub can offer this service.', 'Good mead and food. If you are into rock and metal you will also like the music they play. The interior is very nicely decorated to justify the name of the bar. Highly recommended', 'My favourite bar in Basel. Good burgers. Good drinks. And most importantly great people and conversations.', "We didn't eat there but the staff was super friendly and the beer was good. They have a games theme some nights", 'Great food!!', 'Top!!', 'Very tasty food with good and friendly service. The ambience is also very pleasant. Gladly again.', 'Delicious food and the staff is very friendly and helpful. They also have competitive daily offers. You can order beer in all kinds of sizes. You can eat both inside and outside.', 'Perfect for a sunny afternoon.  Tasty local beer, cheese, bread and sausage.  Friendly service.', 'Perfect pint of Guinness. Thanks guys. Amazing selection of craft beers on draft and in bottles. Great atmosphere and some really cool guys behind the bar. Check this place out for sure if you are into your beers! 👌', 'Wonderful little bar. Great service and a Guinness as good as back home. Definitely worth going back again', 'Location is perfect for a sunny day, plenty of seats outside, reasonable prices. There is no drinks menu though which can be a bit awkward if youre not familiar with various alcohols.', 'The meal was delicious and the staff was nice. Also the bathroom was not clean at all. Al in all we enjoyed our lunch here.', "Very friendly staff and good burgers. Good cocktails as well. The rest of the food sucks and i can't figure out why as it is not a complicared menu,if it is not a burger you ordered you will definitely not enjoy it. Three time there, always hoping they'll get the food up to the service level.", "In St. Louis, France, I'm ironically in a French chain restaurant, Au Bureau. Not my usual, but I'm game. While the service could definitely be improved the food is not so bad.\n\nFirst up, the appetizer - Fish pops with crunchy rice. 'Pops' recall kiddie snacks, but these are another league. The fish is artfully spiced, and the crunchy rice, an amusing sushi nod, is an unexpected delight. It's hearty and textured, offering a pleasing contrast.\n\nTo the mains. They tout a top-tier St Louis burger. A bold assertion. Yet, as I savor the spot-on toasted bun, the seasoned patty, the exquisite melty cheddar, I think they might have a point. Each ingredient harmonizes flawlessly.\n\nThe Mac n Cheese, the ultimate comfort food, has journeyed far from its American origins. It's been Frenchified here. The cheese is tangy and rich, the pasta ideally al dente. It's all you want in Mac n Cheese, but it's lifted, somewhat more sophisticated than its American relative.\n\nThe Strawberry Mojito that partners the meal is the cherry on top. Fresh strawberries mashed with mint and lime, finished with a hefty rum splash, it's invigorating and tangy.", 'Great place to meet. Can get very busy, so plan in advance on the weekend. Food offered is across a very good range to suit all including kids. Good choice of beers and wines.', "If it's crowded you should be aware that they are allowed to smoke in there. Air circulation is not something they have heard of.", 'Just a nice bar, good music, nice people', 'top', 'Absolutely awesome. A very nice bar spread over 2 floors and a really good vibe. Downstairs more older music and relaxed to chill with friends and upstairs is a bar with newer music, a pool table and a darts machine.', 'architecturally amazing place, it looks like the whole place came out of an aliexpress box. it is sublimely generic, down to its name "irish pub"', "Nice place to have a drink before a football match.\nWarm place and friendly server.\nWe went there after a cinema screening and there weren't many people in the bar.\nIt was quiet and the prices were reasonable.\nI would definitely return.\nIn addition, this place is very well located.\nThe toilets were clean which is a plus in a bar.", 'Great pub with good music, a great bartender and a wide choice of whiskey for great flavors. To be tested without hesitation! 🥃☘️', 'The waiter lacks respect, does not offer the menu, we had to leave without being able to order anything.', "Best ad because no pitcher BUT ALSO THERE'S NO ONE but therefore a good atmosphere THANK YOU FRIENDSNNNGSSSS", "An old pub that has been given a makeover, it's lighter, gray and white colors 😉\nBut the best part of this pub is the ladies who are serving, they are all pretty and adorable 😃", '👍👍👍👍', 'Nice', "I came in to watch live the Women's World cup football semifinal, on the screens were basketball and rugby replays.\nI don't speak much French and the bar staff didn't speak any English.\n\nI tried my best to establish if they were going to screen the football, but effectively told no. They didn't appear to even know the game was about to start and told that football would start in 3 hours (after the game would end)\nI left in absolute disgust. I bet if this was a men's game they would have screened it.", 'Great service and atmosphere. Good location and the staff were super helpful. I know it’s not restaurant but even they can improve more than that. It was ok.', "Every city needs an Irish pub. Lausanne has two good ones and this is one of em' :)", "First time trying to order some food at this pub and the female staff behind the bar was so rude. She spoke to customers like speaking to dogs because we did not understand how the service and payment system at this pub is! Of course, customers don't know everything and how you work there. Your duty is to explain them how it works. If you don't explain, do not expect that everyone must understand. The way she spoke to us was unacceptable. For us, this was the first time trying and of course the last time! ... never again!!! Who wants to come to the place where you have to pay and then get insulted by rude staff???\n\nIf you are in Lausanne and like enjoying your time in a nice pub, I recommend McCarthy's Irish Pub, Pl. Pépinet 1, 1003 Lausanne. There, you have full services. You can sit with your friends at your table, taking your time to see menu and select your food. Staff will come to take your order and serve you food at your table. At the end of your course, staff comes to check and facilitate payment at your table. You don't need to pay each time when you order food or drink like at King Size. This is more convenient. Staff is very friendly and helpful. I always gave them some tips at the end of the course as they deserved it. The ambiance inside the pub is very cozy. You can watch football or rugby matches. Toilets are also nice and clean.", 'The food and service was excellent. The only thing to know is when sitting exterior the chairs are not so comfortable, if you are 3 or more persons there are some chairs without back support, sometimes while eating you get tired, otherwise everything was good.', 'Amazing spot for beers , burgers and drinks. Even late at night. And the staff is really nice !', 'Wow !\U0001faf6❤️😍\nYou wouldn’t regret it.. just come in and order White House Burger 🍔✅ or Cheese burger 🍔✅❤️.. I haven’t eaten a burger like this for a long time. So friendly staff ❤️🌹.. best of luck for the owners 👍🏼❤️..\n\nاذا جاي لوزان جرب البرقر وما راح تندم ✅❤️😍🍔', 'One of the best spots for a drink and some pub food in Switzerland. Great selection of beers on tap as well as a cider, Guinness was tasting fresh. The service is always friendly and the burger I had was absolutely delicious! I also appreciated that they have the option of sweet potato fries which were crispy and not soggy at all. Highly recommend for drinks, watching sports or grabbing a casual bite to eat.', 'A great whole in the wall kind of place with the best music (classic rock) in town. Good selection of beers, a short but existant happy hour, and friendly staff.', 'Pirate themed bar; great atmosphere, rock music, sport and good drinks selection.', 'I went here in the 90s ALL THE TIME and it makes me so happy that Cook’s is still there. I should figure out a way to go after the whole pandemic. Much love.', 'It was a bit slow for a Monday night. They had a wide selection of drink specials and good music. Only a few screens to watch the games.', 'The staff are friendly, beer is good. Nice interior,  there are pool tables and an arcade machine available. The food is so-so.', "A very nice bar with very tasty food! They speak English, so also for foreigners it's a nice place. They have a lot of beers at the menu, also some other drinks. We watched a soccer game at the TV-screen. At first there was another sport at the TV, but when we asked if they could turn on our game they did. Very nice people inside, great music. The only thing was that the airconditioning was broken above our table, so it was very hot inside.", 'Excellent place to have a burger, a beer, and watch sport. The staff is super nice and the meals are great. Always a good ambiance. Not too many white beer choices though.', 'Billiards! A real sports bar that has nice Poutine and maple syrup whiskey. We had a date playing billiards and even though I lost, I had a wonderful time.\n\nI used to come here for after work relaxation on Thursday and I am glad to restart that tradition.', 'Huge and excellent pizzas, friendly service (once integrated with their tongue-in-cheek humour). I would give 5 stars without hesitation if there was not, unfortunately, a ventilation problem: the smell of pizza permeates into the clothes and stays there for weeks... better to go there in the summer, on the terrace.', 'I am very surprised by all the reviews here! As part of a team that always ate there after games, the service was always friendly, even when we arrived late. The food is excellent and the portions generous. For my part, I have no complaints even if the night area does not necessarily make you want to come there.', 'Superb service, the very Italian humor is perhaps indeed difficult to understand for some.\nAlways got my free jugs of water, I think!\nNothing to say about the menu and prices.', '"Authentic" Italian service, perhaps not to everyone\'s taste, prices aligned with other Swiss pizzerias, never disappointed with a pizza, large, succulent with a thin crust.', "Small bar to go when everything else is closed. Has good classic rock music and great staff and a fair selection of beers.\nThere's also a table football table and a dart board.", 'Great place for late-night hangouts with friends on the weekends. A must go if you like rock music!', 'Awesome little hidden club in the middle of Lausanne. Nice and grungy atmosphere.', 'Great rock music and good bear selection in Lausanne downtown.', 'Outdoor bar with a great location, just under Lausanne Cathedral.\nGood drinks and very generous snacks portions.', 'This bar is part of, but not directed connected to, restaurant Le Vieux Lausanne. Its entrance is about 50m away from the restaurant. Check their Instagram for opening hours as it’s subject to weather.\nThe garden is perfect for summer drinks🍹\nFinger food available. Le caviar d’aubergine et pain was amazingly delicious.', 'Great location just below the cathedral with amazing views over the town and sunset. We enjoyed the chicken wings and fondue. Great cocktails, nice beer options, and wine.', 'Les Jardins is one of the nicest place in Lausanne to have an aperò. The Garden is very beautiful and well maintained, the atmosphere is great, the location just below the cathedral is amazing, and the view is stunning. Cocktails are good - not the best ones in Lausanne but still good. Planchette and chips are good as well. Prices are on the average considering the location.', 'The Old City Irish Pub is one of my favorite places in Bern. It is a Pub / Sports bar.  It is important to know that this is a place for drinks, not for food. They have a good selection of beers on tap. They also have a great selection of Irish Whiskeys! The staff is really friendly and helpful.\nThere is also a really nice pub style basement with a counter. The basement is not always open, I think only Thursday, Friday and Saturday.\nAs I organized an event for a larger group, we had drinks before in the Old City Irish Pub. The owner reserved the basement extra for us. We appreciated this very much.', 'Bern, the capital of Switzerland.  An Irish pub in the basement of the old town.  The scenery is very good.  Nice town.  Guinness beer is delicious.  A place you want to visit many times.', 'Not a food place? Great, chilled Irish pub. Not like the heaving one in the city.', "Good  place we didn't eat though", 'We reserve a table for 6 but they didn’t organize that. We ask for the gourmet burget but they were sold out. We ask for baileys, they had only Amarulla. Food was good and tasty. Drinks were cold.', 'We came to Bern to watch Man City in the Champions League. We thought that this was the best pub in Bern. The staff were friendly, the food was great and they showed the football in the evenings.', 'Had a good yarn, and an excellent beer tasting! Highly recommend this place', 'Ok, 8 CHF for a can of Moretti? Changed prices on the Wednesday from our previous visit Tuesday night', 'Very cozy atmosphere, love the theme of design and the variety of beers is very wide, especially non-alcoholic.\nVery friendly staff, especially the owner who is also actually multilingual 👍', 'Excellent pub with a nice selection of beer, snacks, bar food. The hospitality from the owner is top notch- he actually opened up shop for us when he was normally closed. Place was clean and had charming views from the outdoor seating. Definitely recommend!', 'Amazing great host have been there the last 3 evenings and drinking many Kilkennys.\n\nFunny owner we had fun', 'Very Kind and very friendly Owner. Great beer and all in all very clean.', 'Cheapest bar in Bern! Good for playing table food ball and getting drunk. But the ambiente is not the nicest.', 'Cheap drinks and friendly staff', 'Nice....', 'This bar is ridiculous!!', 'Not enough old school Metal… Only New-Metal which is not a taste of whole community.', 'A rather delightful and pleasant watering hole. Whenever I am rambling about Berna I always make sure to visit Ebrietas. Knocking back a few shandys while listening to some Mayhem and Abba, well what more can one ask for! Jkxtbdsdomgseoljewsz xx', 'The service was one of the worts of my life', 'Great atmosphere, great music, great beer and fun people', 'great food and relaxing atmosphere! great place for lunch at a very reasonable price.', 'Great place to have a drink or to eat!', 'Top', 'Friendly and attentive staff. Great burgers!', 'Very positively surprised by this pub. The location looks terrible from the outside in this industrial area. BUT: that’s a great authentic pub with an outstanding selection of beer including international IPA‘s. The food is also super valid. Keep up the good quality and friendly service.\nThanks!', 'Delicious food, nice atmosphere, great selection of alcohol and very friendly/accommodating personal. Always a joy going there', 'a little outside of Winterthur, but cool Irish pub. They serve Smithwicks! ;-)', "Very friendly and helpful staff. When there is a football match on tv, they'll try everything to look for it and play it for you. The chicken wings on Tuesday nights are too die for! Definitely the place to be on Champions League evenings for a beer, burger and sports!", 'Lively pub with a wide selection of beers, Whisky, Gin, and food. Staff are friendly and helpful. A new menu, haggis pie, is a must to go well with your beers!', 'Great welcome and good selection of beer and cider on tap! A fine scotch selection for the connoisseurs. A genuine Scottish pub one is lucky to call its local.', 'Very nice pub! Very friendly hosts and nice chats 😃\nGreat scottish food and tasty drinks!\nVery good for a short trip to Scotland!\nLook forward for the next time! 💫', "Great traditional pub! Good selection of beers and whiskys, lovely and warm service with a strange accent that yet makes you feel like home 😁 Very nice place to go and chill or party especially if you're an expat looking for connexions. Thank you very much 🔥", 'Perfect location for a lunch and cold beer while strolling around Luzern. Prices are appropriate to the location, beer selection is great and my burger was really tasty as well. If you catch the table with the view on the bridge than you have spot on lunch/dinner in the centre of the city.', 'The restaurant is right along the Reuss River and is quite picturesque in this area.  However, the food is way overpriced for basic dishes, like hamburgers and fish and chips, not to mention the beers were at CHF 9.70 (about $10.80).  For the two dishes and two beers, our total came to CHF 71.20.\n\nYou must order the food at the service counter when you enter the restaurant.  I don’t know if any sign mentions that one has to order there.  There is outside seating by the river.  We sat inside the restaurant table, thinking a server would come by to take our order, but of course, no one did until we asked a server, and he said we had to order by the front counter.', 'Really really fun pub right in Lucerne! The atmosphere is like a pub you would see in a movie! Lots of beer options on tap and mixed drinks/wine as well! Bathrooms are very limited and small but other than that the place is fun!', 'OMG it is such a vibe. We went last night ordered a lot of beer and nachos. Nachos were really good and service was really fast. Bartender was very sweet!', "Great pub for any Reds fan. They have a lot of TVs and show multiple matches but always make Liverpool matches the priority. Good drinks selection. Friendly staff. Good atmosphere. Good location which isn't far from the main Luzern train station.", 'We drove all the way to Luzern, since the website of the Anfield had in their program NFL game… once we arrived the bartender informed us that she can not play the game, so we lost the 30minutes of the game.', 'Great place for watching sports.   Many TVs.   Good beers.', 'Good atmosphere watching Liverpool game with fans', 'Awesome pub with really nice owners and locals. Would highly recommend', "Huge selection of beers for such a rural region. I'm impressed. The table football deserves an extra star.", 'cozy place with very friendly staff, I go there every year when I visit', 'Great service.', 'Super nice place. Mellow, friendly vibe.', 'top', 'Best Place....!', 'Small but pleasant pub, you get to exercise your abs with the locals. A little smoky', "Always nice to play here. Philipp knows how to welcome you, rock'n'roll atmosphere!", 'If you like good live rock music you need to come here. The atmosphere is pretty unique for Lucerne and the people nice.', 'rock and metal music, great people and cozy atmosphere', 'Really nice live acts, s/o to Wahine was amazing', "It ain't gonna get any better!\nFeeling at ease, welcome, kinda family.\nFoodwise just greatest spanish kitchen, true, authentic, great.\nWines - I ain't got no clue, but it always tasted terrific.\nYou gotta find out 4 ur-self. Cheers", 'Nice place , friendly staff, but sadly Guinness is not good 👎🏻', 'This is a nice and cozy place. The quality of food and drinks are satisfactory. I recommend Black Burger which is black and also delicious!!', "Super cool spot. The music was interesting. Most of the bars we've been to in Switzerland have better music than the bars in the US. The beers are big and served in matching glasses. Pretty cool!", 'Nice Guinness', 'DARTS & Guinness', 'Was there for the first time yesterday and everything was fine and the service was a very friendly gentleman. Definitely not my last visit there!', 'Very friendly staff. Nice ambience', "It's comfortable, except that I had a 10-year-old fly in my beer. No apology, nothing at all. As a host, I would have apologized and at least offered the beer", 'Nice service, nice people, ideal for an after-work beer 🍻', 'Cool people and great service!', 'Pub, facility at least 40 years old', 'Tiny but nice Pub with a good selection of beers. Friendly Staff. Worth a visit!', 'Peach weber boys', 'Nice', 'Nice selection of craft beers and friendly staff.', 'Bier is good. Food (I ate mexican burger) was tasty and good size (could still jug down 5 biers after a burger with fries). Waitress was very polite and friendly. Good place for a drink and football watching.', "This so called pub actually deserves no star rating at all and must be named and shamed.\nOn my way to work in St Gallen I went for a drink and watch Brazil v Switzerland in the World Cup. Unfortunately, my visit was a humiliating and degrading experience due to the disgraceful, aggressive and racist behaviour of the owner.\nHaving bought my beer and settled down to watch the game, I was told by the owner to make room for guests who had 'reserved' places.\nOn mentioning that there was no 'reserved' sign on my arrival, that the waitress had said nothing, and that I had already bought a drink, he duly accused 'me' of causing problems. Shocked by this direct attack I stood my ground. Then suddenly he confiscated my drink, put some money on the bar and asked me leave. If that was not bad enough he made gesticulations with his head imitating how Indians talk.\nAs I am from London but of north Indian origin I take exception to this ridicule and humiliation.\n\nPlaces like the 0 Five Pub must be named and shamed.", 'Great place for champions league nights! Very nicely decorated and reasonable prices!', 'Great beer and friendly staff.', 'We always feel very comfortable in this bar. The hosts are very welcoming and the karaoke nights are always an experience. The DJ is a crazy funny entertainer.', 'A family bar with a very friendly team of 4 people.\nGood harmony, respect, attention, sympathy, all in a service that is always as attentive as possible.\nThe DJ is a lot of fun, with ambient music or his top karaoke, joy is guaranteed.\nMy congratulations and without a doubt, you have my approval to recommend if you want to have a super pleasant time.\nThanks to all the employees at the Lindenhof Bar.\nThe score is 9 stars, 5 from Google and 4 from staff.\nBest regards', 'Excellent. Service is great and visitors are friendly. During the week for older people and at weekends for younger people. DJ desk is available and there is an indoor smoking area. You get small snacks for free and larger snacks like toast or hamburgers are great. It is also inexpensive.', 'Surprisingly good for a "small pub in the country"\nReally nicely decorated, pleasant music volume and nice service.', "Nice little location, great people and atmosphere. Plus a very good selection of beer (as an East German, it's very cool for me to see Berliner Pilsner 😃)", 'A very cozy shop with a very great host behind the counter.\nPrice/performance is really great and the barman is very creative and customer-friendly.\nA shop to relax and feel good.🍀👍\n\n👉An insider tip for small parties and events. 👈', "Hoi, these are owners who let others work but never paid them. These are new owners as of May 11, 2020. I did the painting work and never got the money I was entitled to\nMaik and Nico, I'll be there wherever something comes in from you. Tell everyone what kind of people you are", 'Cool bar with enough beer selection. My favorite: the Berliner Kindl..Try it too!! Keep it up guys! I will gladly come again!!!!!', 'Great Bar. Offers its own brew every Thursday. Great choic of beer and whiskey.', 'one of my favorite bar in town...\nown brewery and a lot of special craft beers.', 'good beers. the alt st. gallen is the one for cocktails though :)', 'Small and cozy, with a nice selection of beer.', 'Nice decor, friendly staff and happy atmosphere.', 'Over Head ✅', 'Excellent coffee bar, staff extra, excellent ambience.', 'Used to be a cool rocker place. In my opinion, not like it was back then.', "Do I know this place, asks me google every time I approach Lord of Hell's domain. And indeed I do, for it is here that I rest my sinful flesh every night. Once a weary traveler, I happened upon a brightly lit window and peered inside. A couple of pints and a freshly made burger later, there I was selling my soul for the flat upstairs. A deal as old as time itself, but as I welcome my slumber in the loving arms of Satan, I am fortified in my belief that I got the better end of that deal.", '-\tOld pub whit a very nice beer garden\n-\tRealy friendli and nice people\n-\tDelicious food\n-\tdiffrent games (amazing tablesoccer – every Wednesday!!!)\n-\tmany special beers!!!', 'Nice place... Brings back old memories', 'Great guinness.. smoking room', 'I just go there  because of the freshly pulled Guinness. One of the best in the region. Oh, and the pretty decent burgers. The boss is a happy camper and a pleasant guy to talk with.', 'Super place for a beer and relax or play dart, billard, tablefoodbold and smoke a cigaret in the closed departement.', 'Good beers, very good entertainment and good fun', 'Worst pint of guiness they should learn how to fill a pint', 'Nice place', 'We were there the day before the home game against Basel, very friendly and helpful.\nWe came from over 400 km away and the Bierhof was recommended to us, we were able to watch the Bundesliga and on Sunday at the FC St.Gallen-Basel stadium.\nWe will come back for sure.', 'Nice restaurant with nice service! We will be back!', 'Perfect place to watch football games. Cheap drinks and great staff.', 'sensational beer selection, good and friendly staff ... and sometimes live concerts in good old style', 'Best place in town', 'Nice sunny place neatby the church. Enjoyed it outside for a latte.', 'Nice crow nice people nice location and above slainte', 'Top! Best pub in malcantone ever. If I go back to Ticino the stop is obligatory. There is always the great Fabio at the counter, miticooo.', 'Great beer awesome atmosphere', 'Top as always. Really friendly and helpful staff!', 'Cool, nice environment!', 'Best service ever! It is a must if you are in Lugano', 'Very friendly and nice service!', 'Best service 5/5', 'Tip top', 'amazing hosts true pub. we where many but they kept their cool and where really best bar tenders ever', 'Perfect taste, very good drinks and extremly kind staff. Danny for president', 'We will come back here, great service and nice drinks', 'Beer at fair price ... without great selection, awesome servers tough!', 'Very slow and ignorant service. They charged us 20 CHF more due to them not tracking table orders accurately. We got the money back when we noticed, but still, service is bad.', 'One of the best around. Consistency is key and we consistently enjoy very good burgers, some of the best craft beer in town, and great company!\nAfter with kids - big & small!!', 'A really good place to have a beer and something to eat.\nI have been there for a lunch during a work trip in Lugano last year.\nPersonal nice and ready to help you with the menu. And it’s has a really gorgeous view on the lake.', 'Restaurant with lake View. True outside seating as well as Glas covered terrace. The burger (La Bomba) was a decent portion for lunch but still easily eatable with hands instead of cutlery. I’ll try their sandwiches next time, they looked good.', 'Great Pub', 'Top', 'Great pub! Thanks to the English brands and the English furnishings, you get the feeling of being on the island.', 'I recommend this place', "I don't remember anything from it but great", 'I love it .becous sailant and cuol .good 🎼 and also he have a lot games in this house', 'Always a nice place to have a beer, alternative lifestyle', "We changed, the Tiff didn't.", 'All towns and cities have a cafeteria with a terrace everyone knows. This is it in Biel.', 'Top*****', 'Super', 'THE meeting place, the owners are incredibly kind and friendly. The super professional staff and the coffee….. the best😍', 'Great bar, decent beer selection, great concerts, awesome place', 'Good beers, good live music, great atmosphere and lovely staff', 'Nice little bar with cool ambiente. Its worth to visit!!!', 'Great place for private or semi private concerts', "Im going this place for eating mexican food and drinking cocktail. It feels like you ate the food in Mexico.I drank the best Long Island I've ever had here. You can also make your night beautiful with DJ. I recommend you to come Cuba Bar.", 'This bar is very delicious and good servise.If I come to Switzerland again, it is one of the places I will go to.', 'I am a finantial independent woman and unfortntly had the bad idea of entering alone , on this Cuba Bar Biel , around midnight  on saturday 04.11.2023 . I was coming from a wonderful funny party , that had run from afternoon , and i was in my way home. I decided to get in justt a little bit . Last time I had enter there was almost 1 year ago .  Biel artistic beautiful like minded people dont go this bar . Clientele are mainly outsiders, rude management,  ambience horribly trashy , mainly ugly people  , bad music , and intimidatory harrasement vibes  . There are plenty of better options everywhere , with better music,  food , cheaper drinks , larger dancing and seat spaces , with no descriminatory troglodit antiwomen  managenent . This bar is a money making place for the owners and not women friendly . Women seem to  be expected to dressed like hookers and entertain men there , in order for men to make bar expenses . Is  claustorfobic , with a small dance floor,  a narrow corridor passage and a large selling bar area. There was  no available seatings and bathroom is filthy dirty . I saw a little space near Dj , I put my bag and coat for brief moments in the floor as I was not going to stay longuer and bar was unaproatchble. I begin to dance , not interacting with anyone . Suddently, a security walked towards me and agressivly subject me to public humilialliation , ordering me to take immidiatly my bag and coat and leave permisses , escorted me to exit . I was so frightened , I asked what had happened , I was not understanding if there was a bomb or something .  Answer was "where orders from the bosses (?)  ". Cowerdly managers did not showed themselves , neither had gave any justification . I reasonable presume that they think they can intimidate, bully and humiliate anyone, specially women alone , if women not interested in entertaining as me their male costumers . I did absolutly nothing wrong,  that justified the abused treatement i was subject . This bar should be closed . I was literally  just dancing for less than 5 minutes when this happened. I did not spoke with no one as I can pay my own drinks. Adding this bar mislead with the name , as nothing to do with Cuban, or even south american people , is managed by provincial minded men arabs , that seem to think that women are under rights . I was dressed  for a winter rainy evening, simple pants and a blouse not showing flesh . Nice Spanish and brasilian people I know told me they dont go there . I think I was not dressed as trashy as they wanted .I was going to buy a drink after but I had just arrived. Despite they can as private organization admit wherever they want,  I was already inside and their behaviour was unreasonable and discriminatory.  They cowerdly used intimidation against me as woman , with no justification . They subject me to public humiliation when I did nothing wrong , provoked me damages . By the above i say to other expats and specially women that want to feel safe , to dont go there .I will not enter  anymore.  I will seak  legal avenues and damage compensation possibilities for the discrimination  i was subject as was against my right of being treated by anyone in a dignify way . Managers of establishment in Switzerland as in Europe should not be allowed to abuse of power and treat women as I was treated.  shame on you managers of Cuba Bar  . In XXI century a establisment not women friendly , that use intimidation arbitrary , should not be allowed to stay open and do wherever they want against individuals . There are many people as you can see in other reviews that will not return , that also denounced the management wrongdoings of this place ( for example testimoning , they where coerced to pay for what they did not drink,  they were dismissed in their complains when asking to recalculate bills) .', 'The food was delicious, the atmosphere you encounter as soon as you walk in is unlike anywhere else, and the friendly and warmth of the staff increases the pleasure of the time you spend. The restaurant you should definitely stop by when you come to Biel', 'Friendly bar service, really nice drinks 🍻 and a good atmosphere!', 'Brilliant interior design, great atmosphere and delicious cocktails. Great for a relaxed evening with friends.', 'Great chilling atmosphere good music and a very welcome personal 👍 👌 🥂', 'Super Drinks', "reminder to respect the people living in the area, lower the music and let people know that you don't need to scream or speak loudly to have fun mostly at midnight, there are families and elderly living across,  feel like Pooc does not care much about the environment and all is permitted which is not cool", 'Nice Bar with cool atmosphere.', 'I was raised in this Bar and loved it since day one. They got a big selection of beer, liquor and other beverages. Staff is always friendly and helps you out if you wanna taste a new beer. Sometimes it is very crowded, but it is still a bar/pub so live with it :)', "I've been told that this is somewhat a bar with heritage, so I've decided to check it out. Quite nice atmosphere, the place starts being busy after 17h. The location is great - a couple of minutes to the train station/many bus stops. Prices felt a bit high compared to other places in Bienne, but the selection is awesome.", 'Beer is top 👍🏻 also you should try  charcuterie board ❤️ Super!', 'Great new place in Beil. A great selection of craft beers. Will visit again', 'Nice place for a beer date with friends, cozy easy place, good location..friendly staff...nice for some small private event as well.\n\nThey have good choice of different beers but more choices of beer are always welcome right!!!! 😜😜😜😜😜😜\n\nYou can top up the token card with both cash and card.\n\nSnacks are recommend as well...very friendly price compare to Zurich.', 'Interesting concept of self service beers at your own comfort. Easily get a card with money, and choose your own beer and amount to pour, and charge it to your card.\nThrough this way we managed to try almost all the beers at our own pace.\nThe atmosphere is fun at this place, where you can chat with your friends, and everyone is happy. 🍻', 'Good location for people watching, the food was very good and large protions, price was reasonable and generally recommemd the place. Table service was quick and the food wait was not long at all.', 'Very good food. Good location, nice terrace. The food menu is not that diverse, the drinks menu instead has a great variety. I liked the salmon the most. Also staff was very friendly.', "Good beer but food was so so. Meals presents very nice but taste in not their best side. The steak was overfried and too cold. French fries wasn't good, wet and tasteless. Also they don't have any pepper mills while serving dishes like carbonara and steaks - disappointing.", 'This place is awesome. We have ordered Caesar salads with Salmon and Chicken, Fish soup, and meat balls. They gave us different breads as well. I must tell you everything was delicious.', 'Pro: Great location, staff, bar space and atmosphere.\n\nRecommend the live music (only Friday and Saturday singers) quiz night and karaoke.\n\nCons: Please liven up Thursday night’s live music, it’s always too soppy and depressive.', "We walked by this place one evening and people were queuing outside and so I think it's popular with locals and tourists alike. It's bigger than you think as there's a large downstairs area which only opens at certain times. A good spot to watch football. Plenty of drinks on offer. Service very friendly and gave good recommendations on style of drinks available.", 'Nice pub in the old city of Stockholm. Chill atmosphere, very friendly staff, and cool live music in the evenings.', "Very good Irish Pub in the Old Town. Cosy, nice and attentive staff, live music and events. The Vegan NOT Fish & Chips was really good, actually one of the best I've tried. Wide range of beers and some of them are rotating. Definitively coming back.", 'Don’t be fooled by the others. This is Stockholm’s only Irish owned pub! Excellent service, cold beers and an amazing atmosphere where the locals will make you feel welcome. There’s a whole downstairs bar as well as outdoor seating surrounding this pub. Free bathrooms for patrons, free fast Wi-Fi, and charging on the walls for guests.', "An excellent Irish pub in Stockholm even if it's not obvious by the name. A great tasting pint of Guinness, best tasting Guinness I've had in Stockholm so far. My only complaint is that they unfortunately don't pour the Guinness slightly above the glass rim for an iconic Guinness dome . 4 felt too low so I give them a 5", 'We loved the two bartenders, and felt so welcome to the bar.  There are two levels here, and downstairs is cozy.  We stayed near the main bar to watch television-the football highlights.', 'Worst place i have been to. No internet connection, you have to order everything at the bar, when we got our food we did not get any fork or knifes with that.\nA small burger and the most tasteless fries anyone of us had ever received.\nTerrible experince, unfortunatly!', "Very cozy and friendly atmosphere!  Great burgers with high-quality meat! Perfect music selection.  If you are a fan of oldies, they play a golden selection every evening! There are also a couple of LCDs showing important football games occasionally but it's definitely not a sports pub. The location is also very convenient. Right by the huge church in downtown Stockholm.", 'Awful Guinness pint pulled by the one barman. Complained to the other and he proceeded to get a spoon and a rag to sort it out and top it up. Shocked they call themselves an Irish pub. I’m sure they can improve the pint pouting with practice. Apart from that’s it’s a small place but could be decent', 'Better food than many restaurants.', 'Super cozy, great indoor and outdoor seating! Owner is so friendly! Nice food menu also. Lots of regulars which is always a good sign :)', 'Typical pub with lots of TVs showing football/soccer, rugby, and other sports. Lots of beer choices (both on tap and bottled) and standard pub fare. We had the burgers and nachos. The vegetable burger was very delicious and even had bell peppers and other vegetables not listed on their menu. The vegan nachos were ok, but not great. However, the blue cheese burger is highly recommended.', 'Tried "hot shots" which were amazing. A must if you visit Stockholm. Staff super friendly, good atmosphere with live music both nights I was there.', "A brilliant non-pretentious Irish pub in the heart of Stockholm. It's spacious, has live music (on occasion), cheap(-ish) drinks and a good selection of beers. There's a large (heated, covered) terrace but, as is one of the idiosyncrasies of this country, you can't smoke there.. and of course you can't drink on the (pedestrian) street outside. So smokers beware! It's open late, which is great, the toilets clean and the staff brilliant! Alex is great! I'll definitely return if/when I pass through Stockholm again!", 'This is my first time visiting a place I really enjoy in Stockholm\nThere was a guitarist and a singer. It was a great evening\nI hope you success', 'Great place to watch the footie on a cozy weekend. Nowhere near as sterile as some other "sports bars". Generally a great view of all the screens. Some great beers on tap, friendly service and good pub grub!', 'Their selection of beverages is quite nice and the food does the job if you are hungry and willing to spend Stockholm level prices. The reason Southside is fantastic is because every single time I come here there is room for me and my accompanied friends. The interior has a great atmosphere. Southside has something very unique for a pub in Stockholm, the music is never too loud so you can actually talk to people. For these reasons it is a very cozy place to come and drink beer after a concert or maybe a long work week.', 'Southside Pub has excellent customer service, the food is delicious, the quiz nights are fun and the overall vibe of the pub is relaxing. They also have great taste in music. I highly recommend you check this place out!:)', 'I love visiting Southside. The atmosphere is crazy good for hanging out with your friends. Their beer sorting is very good and the food is delicious thinking that you are in a pub! My favourites are their schnitzel and fish and chips! Don’t miss to visit them, they even have live music shows!', 'I ordered nachos and it was good, which is rare for Stockholm in general. Sitting on the outside was a bit chilly because of the wind, even though it was a warm day. There is no service outside, you have to go inside and order by yourself. Also, I didn’t see any cocktails at all, only beer, wine and cider.\nOverall a good place but a bit too crowded for my taste.', 'I had known about this place for some time.  I really like their selection of beer.   However I was surprised when a friend said they had really good ribs.   I tried them the first time - Now this is my go to place for Ribs.   The meat just falls off the bone.  Highly recommended!', 'My choice of the usually burger was a bust this time unfortunately...\nSometimes a bit cold draft,  as people coming in and out, forget to close the door.\nGood service!', 'Good vibes. Had the mikkeller IPA. The place had good seating and several varieties on Tap. There was also gonna be a quiz on Sunday at 6pm. Very close to st eriks plan metro!', "Old 80s tunes blasting, great beer selection, and good quality pub grub. Can only recommend. It was like being back in an old man's pub in the UK.", 'Really good meals, we had the fish special and schnitzel. Lovely service from the two ladies behind the bar. Will go back.', 'We ordered fish and chips for a group of 7. They were tasty, although a little on the small side. The ambiance is good, very authentic British pub style', 'A bar at the top of town in Stockholm. Bizarrely many bars have English names and themes here. The Londoner seemed a little subdued and needs cheering up.', 'Cold and good beer! Always open ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️', 'Amazing beers and family place..... love it ❤️', 'Great atmosphere and good beers', 'Good place to meet friendly people, both awedish and tourists and tourists in kombo with a Kareoke. Dog friendly quiet areas if you are an attentive owner. Friendly staff and bouncers.', "3 taps were empty, ambience was off, not a single TV was open in a sports bar, and the bartender didn't even know where the beer we chose was from. Just didn't feel genuine to us. There are better choices within a short walking distance. Not recommended.", "Kinda strange place... Would never have guessed that a place called The Irishman would have almost no available whiskeys. Upon asking for a nice drinking whiskey I was given a Jameson with ice. I might be the silly one in this situation, but I don't think so :) otherwise not very interesting selection of beer, the taps were very obviously not clean and I had major issues communicating with the bartender. Not a recommendation.", 'Great little bar! Superb staff, good drinks and a wonderful wife to the place!', 'The only important thing is dont have a load off cash in your pocket that you are ready too spend, hahaha right now they dont take cash but mabye it could change in the future cheers', "Man in the Moon is situated in a charming neighborhood of Stockholm and is close enough to my current office so I've had the chance of exploring the area and visit this bar on several occasions. As they call it, Man in the Moon is a nice Gastropub that promises a good culinary experience, a must-go for a foodie and beer lover, besides it's not every day that one finds a truly cosmic spot to enjoy some space-bites.\nThe avocado chili fries is a personal favorite starter of mine, Tried Salmon stew which was nice and most importantly let's not forget about the big Meat Plate from the grill.\nThe drink selection is equally impressive, with an extensive beer collection; around 30 taps and hundreds of bottles. They also offer just the right amount of wine options to cover a wide range of tastes. It's the kind of place where you can sit back, relax, and sip on your favorite drink.\nMan in the Moon's staff are genuinely shining with stellar service. While they may be as busy as bees buzzing around due to the bar's popularity, they're always warm, friendly, and more than willing to help and go that extra mile.\n, keep in mind that the bar can get quite loud, especially during peak hours. If you prefer a quieter ambiance, consider visiting during off-peak hours.\nHowever, the only slight downside is the noise level and the pub can get quite loud especially during peak hours, which may not be to everyone's liking. But if you're in for a vibrant atmosphere and don't mind the buzz, it shouldn't be a deal-breaker. And if you’re like me and  prefer a quieter ambiance, consider visiting during off-peak hours", 'A Lackluster Landing at Man in the Moon Gastropub\n\nAh, the Man in the Moon—sounds celestial, doesn\'t it? Picture an old-world pub with all its nostalgia, then crank up the decibel levels to "rocket launch," and you\'ve got the atmosphere here. The sonic boom is so intense, you might as well be having a tête-à-tête with a jet engine.\n\nOktoberfest was the theme of the month. But it felt less "Munich beer hall" and more "corner store costume section." What should have been an engaging cultural pit-stop ended up as a roadblock on the highway of authenticity.\n\nCulinary Conundrum\nThe Wurstplatte? Call it the "worst platte." This dish aimed for Bavarian brilliance but landed squarely in Meh-ville. The sauerkraut felt less like a zesty sidekick and more like a reluctant accomplice in this culinary caper.\n\nNow let\'s chat about the server—about as hospitable as a bouncer at an exclusive club. The kind of service that makes you reconsider the social contract behind tipping. An eyebrow raise here, a curt word there, and voilà! You’ve got yourself an experience to forget.\n\nIn a city known for its diverse culinary delights and intriguing nightspots, the Man in the Moon falls woefully short. If you’re in the Vasastan area, there’s an entire galaxy of better options to explore. This lunar expedition is grounded until further notice.\n\nIn summary, this Man in the Moon voyage is no Apollo 11; it’s more like a crash landing with no hope for recovery in sight. Aim for the stars, friends, but maybe give this lunar surface a miss.', 'Old fashioned, but very good quality. Good choice if find yourself in the area.\n\nInteresting Whiskey selection!', "We had the three course dinner. The first two vegan courses were great. But you can't be a vegan food dessert.\n\nWhen the others had pie. I had a lemon sorbet that was so sour that it was difficult to eat.", 'Tiny Cozy place.\n\nThumbs up:\nDecent selection of craft beers :)\nDogs are allowed! ❤️\n\nThumbs side:\nA "tad" brash barmaid.\n\nThumbs down:\nHorrendous music! Unbearably Craptacular music!\nIt should not be called The Blues Pub.\nIt should be called The Tik Tok RnB Pub.\n\nMy ears are still bleeding.\n\nBut then again, it was a Tuesday early evening.\nMaybe it was just a bad day.\nGive it a chance, it might be great any other day.\nBut bring earplugs just in case ;)', 'Very nice place with guinness from tap. Unfortunately no blues this time, only r&b/pop music 🙃', 'Small but cosy heavy metal style bar in central Sundbyberg where clients can choose their own music. The place is often crowded and everyone talks to everyone ec. No privacy. But still good atmosphere and friendly staff...', "Love this place,  it's like home. The owners know everyone that visit,  they know what kind of beer you prefer and the bar change beer all the time.", "Popped in for one beer and stayed. I was pleasantly surprised when a member of staff told me about the selection of Swedish craft beers available. I love sour beers and two staff members tonight continue to be very helpful and knowledgeable about the beers. I couldn't ask for more.", 'Variety of beers, great service, excellent atmosphere...', 'Good place with a great atmosphere 👌 😊', 'Amazing selection of beers,  great service and good food. Wonderful olde world ambience.', 'Good vegan options, wish there were more. The popcorn could easily be vegan, sadly the staff said it has butter.\nTried the vegan nachos and recommend! It has Oumph, vegan cheese, salsa and on the side vegan sour cream and guacamole.', "A good spot to hang out with friends and watch football in the city. I have never visited other branches...only pass  by...but O'Learys Hötorget is quite big and cozy. It's average for food...\nas you can expect. But staff are nice and friendly.", 'This is a fun place to watch a game, play darts or grab a drink. However, the service and food is a little chaotic. We had the nachos that tasted super cheap and not good. The wings were very tasty but quite expensive.\n\nThe service is a bit all over the place they seem to be spread thin. However for a causal hangout it is fun.', 'Great sports bar to watch all kinds of football matches. The service was quick and the beer was good.', 'Lots of other bars that stand out.   The view of the center is good here.', 'Good drinks, friendly and sweet bartender there, and a nice place to sit out in the sun and enjoy the brief Swedish Spring/Summer.  Price wise? Well what can I say? Everything is expensive in Sweden! LOL', 'Nice place, not to big, nice outside seats now when spring started', 'Very friendly staff. I had a cheeseburger for lunch, which was nice. The bread was slightly dry but the taste was very good. 4 stars for the location (which is a pub). If I will go there for a Saturday night experience I am sure it will turn into a five stars.', 'We tried the summer lunch menu… the beef steak was really good, the potatoes felt really fresh and the salad bar was nice.. we definitely will come back', 'Very nice atmosphere and decorations. Recommend.', 'A very British pub in Gothenburg city centre.\n\nThe staff was very helpful in accommodating us in the mast minute. It is advisable to book in advance as the places gets filled up quickly.\n\nThere was a quite large selection of wine and local beers on the menu.\n\nTo get a get real sense of Britain before brexit, I went for fish n chips ;)', "It's a small place and very cozy inside. Might be a little hard to get a place to sit in the weekends but if the weather is good you can sit outside to.\nThey serve lunch and the staff is always providing very good costumer service.\nRecommend everyone to try this place if you fel like going to a cozy pub.", 'Relaxing and calm atmosphere. The pub is surrounded by many night clubs which makes it good place to enjoy food and drinks in the evening before you get in the club queue.\n\nGood range of tap-on beer and if you go before 7 PM you get it ( only 2 out of whole range) in just half price. Ask for it, happy hours ;)', 'Very nice pub with relaxing atmosphere! This place is perfect to enjoy some drinks in Friday evening or to spend time with friends or suppose! Moderate prices for alcohol, large selection of beers, small but tasty menu! We enjoy everything! Staff was friendly and polite, I really enjoyed interior design of this pub ! Great location in heart of the city on avenue street! Highly recommended! We will come back!', 'Very good place, fish & chips is the best, service is good, thank you :)', "The restaurant has recently been expanded and renovated. They have some decent burgers for a good price, so it's worth it if you're there grabbing some drinks. The fries were a bit cold but weren't as bad. You will need to order everything at the counter and they bring out the food to the table. They also telecast sporting events and are open until late even during the week. Good place to go in the city for a relaxed evening.", "Food & Vibe: 4/5\nService: 1/5\n\nThe maitre d/waitress's racist and impolite behavior marred the otherwise enjoyable dining and aesthetic experience.\n\nWithout seeking our permission, she cleared the table of our unfinished plates. This astonished us because there were a lot of empty tables and the place was not at all crowded post-lunch.\n\nI will always remember this unpleasant encounter I had during my vacation in Sweden.", 'Was passing by and decided to check this place. This restaurant is so beautiful and so much bigger than you expect. The place is super clean and h the e waiters are so nice and aware. The salad buffet is perfect, probably the best I’ve seen and tried so far. The soup of the day was unfortunately better than the daily special that was a little dry and overcooked. But I give 5 stars because I believe they do better all the other days and I was just not lucky this time 😊 really nice place to visit 🤗', "In the summer there's a lot of people, yesterday when we were there, there's not many people, it's very comfort without a lot of voice.\n\nIt's much bigger than I remembered. I like the style inside.\n\nMy food tasted very good, but too much oil, my older friends were very satisfied with their food.\n\nIt located very central, so that is not easy to find a parking place, so we took tram.", 'I have been there with my colleagues for Lunch today. The place is huge and well maintained and do not feel like usual lunch place, but it’s a bar and restaurant. The  fish dish I took tasted good. Do not expect the dish to be stuffed with lots of spices. The taste is plane and simple.  I liked the variety on the Salads With fruits, vegetables and beans, it’s really great salad buffet. The soup is also very good. The lunch quantity is bit less may be but Salad and soup shall fill you in. Overall a very good experience.', 'Awesome Sportsbar, very crowded, super friendly service!', 'Cosy bar, good service, great burger and fries with a litre of beer combo price. The best burger and fries I had in Gotenburg.', 'Very friendly and professional bartender, hidden in the back street of Gothenburg , worth visiting.', 'Stopped in late on a Monday night, the staff (Phoenix and Erika) were awesome to speak with, the Negroni’s were among the best I’ve ever had, and the charcuterie board was the best I’ve ever had.  It is a wine bar so they specialize in wine - Upstairs is a Michelin star restaurant.', 'My colleague and I visited this bar for after-work drinks. Unfortunately, our experience was far from pleasant. A woman who claimed to be an employee approached our table and began insinuating that we had "tagged" in the restroom. She was very confrontational and continued to question us despite our repeated denials that we had done such a thing.\n\nAfter a short while, she left us alone, but later returned and claimed that there was a smell of "permanent marker" near our table. She continued to insinuate that we had "tagged" in the restroom and said they have cameras and will review the footage. Looking back, it feels very strange that they have cameras in the restroom, but I told her she could go ahead and check the cameras.\n\nIt wasn\'t until a young guy at a nearby table admitted responsibility that she left us alone. She was probably lying to us about working there as she was sitting at the bar, but that doesn\'t justify why the staff who served us sat with her and watched as she harassed us.\n\nThis behavior from the staff is unprofessional and should not be tolerated. I strongly recommend avoiding this bar if you\'re looking for a pleasant and professional atmosphere.', 'The food was better than I had expected. I like the place if you want to grab a beer in a good atmosphere.', "Very laid back place with really affordable prices! On Sunday they have pizza for 45 SEK, and their vegan options is really good!\n\nThe tables are long and can seat 4 to 8 people, so it's a good place to bring a lot of friends, combine that with a beer for 39 SEK, what can go wrong?", 'A great place to hang with your friends and they allow dogs, which is great for everyone! Cheap beer and good vegan food for low prices. A great Swedish dive-bar.', "Don't go!! They have a large quantities of monitors but you can see only game at all monitors. Unveiled.. game bar watch and they only pay for one game. So found other bar 🍺. If you want only eat is a good place.", 'Nice simple place with a good vibe. Food was surprisingly so good, have nothing else to say. 229 kr for beef steak and 170 for fish and chips.', "True to nature as it is a pub and have good choices or beer and cider. The staff are all nice. Although they don't seem to follow their own timing. We went on a Thursday and the door states until 2am but they closed @ 11pm.", 'This is my favorite local pub. Cheap and good food, nice atmosphere, and good opening hours. Can strongly recommend a visit if you want to relax for a few hours and have a beer. +they have Guinness', 'The best BEST pub in Gothenburg. Even on a 2 day trip this place made my trip. Great place for football watching but also just for a nice drink - indoor or outdoor. Brilliant pizzas next door in a place they have a great relationship with. You have to visit!!!!!', 'The best pub in Gothenburg!!! Amazing food and service. Cozy inside and a nice tables to sit at outside. Great spot to watch the football - especially for Newcastle fans. A must visit in the city.', 'Friendly place when a great selection of beer, and traditional pub grub. Great atmosphere and a decent price level. A favorite in Gothenburg.', 'Made us feel welcome, extended the kitchen hours for us. Nice food, good beers. Very pleasant.', 'We decided to eat here as it was one of the few places that were still open and served food on a Tuesday evening. Place was mostly empty, just a few other guests. We had a vegetarian and a chicken burger. Food was good, came with a side of sweet potatoes and plenty of sauces - which was a nice surprise. To place your order, you need to go to the bar, so not much service really. All in all, it was a good dinner', 'Great roof bar that gets you away from all the people in the city center. They have great staff but not particularly good food. A good place to grab a drink, they are a little pricey as expected of the location.', 'Very delicious 😋 nachos it was delicious 😋 and awesome 👏 also white wine it was really taste....\nAtmosphere is really awesome and i enjoy it...\nNot far from center station 🚉 and this is close to city center!\nWeekend here is great 👍', 'Good pub, played darts, not quite as good atmosphere as other John Scott Pubs.', 'Always great 😀😀 pizzas on salad counter and pasta in salad boxes. Life of a dreamer.\n\nDont u stop them. The staff is jävla mycket good 😁\nOn red days no pizas in salad buffe but only warm staff to help u', 'Nice food, reasonable price.', 'Charged me for water :D', 'Absolutely delicious steak and signature burger', 'Cool', 'Always friendly staff with outstanding service skills. Very good food and drinks that satisfy most people. Must experience if you are a student in Gothenburg!', "Absolutely fantastic, heard from a friend that it's the best pub in Chalmers and it's true. Absolutely wonderful! Only for students in Gothenburg, however, but definitely worth a visit 😍😍😍", 'Always a good move, good selection of food and drinks! There can be a bit of a long queue, so be there in good time!', 'Quite cozy place with appealing decor. Yet, I wouldn\'t  recommended it for a vegetarian quick lunch as it\'s "cooked", or more likely heated, on demand. Your meat eating friends are done when you\'re finally served. But, food was really tasty and the staff very kind and polite so I guess that counts as a saviour.', 'Cozy atmosphere. Good assortment of beer and wine. Nice location. Quite pricy food.\nThe music leaves much to be desired.', 'Good little bar, was busy on a Saturday night.', 'Very cosy bar, great atmosphere and nice service!', 'Friendly and fun bartenders, good cocktails and beer selection. Good food, Roo pie 😋', 'Very nice place to hang with friends and presto good beer! Try the beer of the week, crazy cheap and tasty. Totally worthy', 'Nice place.  Nice customer service.  Good music. Recommended', 'Nice staff. However it was a bad smell as soon as you walk in the door and too crowded to walk around in the bar area. If it wasn’t a busy night and smelly I’d give it more than two stars.', 'Nice bar for a beer and a whisky, or other drinks. There also is a bar menu available. The location is good, at the top of the main street in Gothenburg, and below the Elite Park Avenue hotel.\nThe interior is fine, albeit nothing special.\nThe bartenders were 50/50. One, with a beard and glasses, was uninterested and seemed to only want to sell the beer on tap (which isn’t great). When we asked about IPAs he only informed is about the draft IPA and not about the large selection of can IPAs in the fridges. He also had a rather poor understanding of whisky. All in all he seemed to fit poorly with his profession.\nThe other bartender, also with a beard, no glasses, was much better.\nThe prices are decent and the selection of beer, gin, and whisky is good.\nThis is a nice place for a few beers, a whisky and a snack. Just order from the right bartender.\n\nAmbience: 3/5\nDrinks: 4/5\nStaff: 1/5 and 4/5\nPrice/quality: 3/5 (high price average quality.', 'I was in just for a beer. The place is at the high end when it comes to price. The interior is nice and they have a good selection of beer from the taps in the bar', 'A regular English pub in Sweden.\nGreat food an drinks, and very competent staff!', 'Simple bar with good food! Nice staff. Enjoyed it a lot!', 'A nice bar where when you pay for your beer you can eat a buffet of delicious food and listen some good music.', 'Really nice place to hang out. Ciders are 43kr more expensive than beers. A pint of beer cost around 135kr. Which was cheap and nice. There are food serving till 7pm as well as long as you buy drinks, food is unlimited for the time. Sometimes they also give out nuts to every table late into the night.', 'Wow. I mean, kinda friendly I suppose. The location is in a state of disrepair. If I were to summarise the experience in one word I’d say “sloppy”. People that can barely put the buffet in their own mouth because they’re too drunk. In the afternoon. This is a place where you drink to get drunk more than anything else.', "A popular student place for hanging out for food and drinks. They have unlimited buffets that's included in your drink.", 'Something about it is very unique and nice atmosphere. However the were really limited seating space even though you wanted to spend longer here', 'Went out there last friday, greatly recommended! The staff is super nice and the prices are reasonable!', 'First night in town and I couldn’t have found a better place to have a few drinks. Great old school music, relaxed feel. Family owned and run spot and they are the best!!  Let me know what I should see while I’m in town and where to go for food and entertainment. Just felt like I was at home. Will definitely be stopping in here again before I leave.', 'the place was great and the staff were so nice but the owner treated one of his employees bad in front of me and it was awkward for me', 'Great place , great staff friendly and welcoming. Great banter .\nHope to see them again .\nTo\nJulia and all staff\n\ntack så mycket 👍', 'Cozy local pub with affordable food, good music and cheap beer on tap for 59kr.', 'Great little pub, nice selection of beers, they’ve got a nice burger+beer combo and the prices are great.', 'Great place to go for drinks and also to eat. Dogs are welcome inside and very well treated!', 'Nice and cozy place, amazing service with a friendly staff and a cheerful bartender (she knows how to crack a joke 😁).\n\nFood was nice and the Burgers taste really good.', 'Busy on a Saturday evening, decent beer, good atmosphere.', 'Great place! The food is super good and there is a good selection of beers.\n\nJättebra!', 'Cheap beers and great staff', 'Turned up laden with bags just before closing and the staff were lovely, got us fed and watered and out in time for our train!', "TVs are a bit strangely placed which makes it a bit difficult. Food is great, personnel is great. Big thing missing is they don't update their homepage very well (at all). Still one of my favourite places for a beer and some soccer.", 'So nice employees. Very polite. The coffee was great and affordable.', 'At first glance, the pub looks like a friendly and nice place to eat and sit. Appearances are deceiving, 4 waiters were in charge of 20 guests. We ordered beer and food after 30 minutes. after another 20 minutes they came back with our first order and told us they were out of the beer we ordered. Unreal. food passable. service incredibly incompetent. TVs everywhere in the pub and a loop on them saying the show was over. For 3 hours, no one noticed or turned it off or on. I hope the pubs in Sweden are generally on a better level than this place.', 'Truly a wonderful find in the city! A block from our Hotel, Mayfair Tunneln.\nThe food was excellent and the service very good. My husband deciding on dinner choice. He had the cod and I had the fish soup. Both excellent choice.', 'Very good place\nLots of beer types.... Good food all fresh and delicious!!! Very recommended! 😎 Will come again in the future', 'Padd’s one of my fav places! Especially for steak lamb! Sometimes the waiting time is just unacceptable tho', "Unfortunately, I came across of what I didn't expect. I was forced to leave the bar because I had a hat. I asked the security why? They refused to answer. I even talked to the manager of the bar, I asked the same question. But he refused to answer it. I asked, is there any dress codes here? No answer. I was there with my colleagues from 5pm almost until 12pm. Why the security guards didn't warn me at the first place? I came outside for several times for smoking and there was not any issues when entering the bar or I was even standing beside the security woman during the live music!. They asked me to take of my hat off or I have to leave. Willingly I said since you didn't give me a concrete reason I am gonna leave. They event didn't let me to take my bag and my stuff. I called the police and I asked them for help to get my stuff back, unfortunately there was no help which made me very disappointed. Because I asked the security guards the same thing, please at least give me my stuff back, and no answer. During leaving, Security guards used bad words towards me since I talked to them in English and they didn't know I can understand Swedish. Then they got surprised. The manager was drunk which is really bad!!!, the security guards very unprofessional and impolite. The conclusion was that this bar ruined my day, my birthday and my colleagues day because they left because of me. Psychologically, it affected me badly. I am about to find a lawyer to sue this bar unless I get an official apology. You embarrassed me front of my colleagues and people. Beside that why you tried to charge me almost 8000 SEK for the first bear ?! The cameras inside or outside of the bar do not lie!", "Very nice pub! A spanish looking backyard, it's crazy how beautiful. We played darts and had a good time. Will come back", 'Querky little pud with a great atmosphere. Loads of old memorabilia.\nGood selection of beers and spirits.', 'One of my favorite pubs in Malmö! Very good beer, really friendly staff and cozy ambience. They accept dogs and are truly caring with them. The pub is in a perfect central location. There’s plenty of space inside and they take the COVID measures seriously so you will be safe while having a good time. I can highly recommend it.', 'We entered the place around midnight, hoping to get a beer or two. They immediately told us that they had their last call, two hours prior to their closing time. We just left the place.', 'I ordered 3 pizzas and after pick up i arrived home I found out that the order was completely different from what I asked.\nwhile I was waiting for the pizza they brought it to me from the back of the kitchen (not from the oven). I’m extremely disappointed from the quality that was so poor and use of old ingredients.\nWhen I arrived home I called them to ask for change and they were very rude and unpleasant. Really bad experience and not recommend at all!!! 😡', 'God pizza', 'Great every-day pizzeria: cozy no frills interior, friendly and very quick service.', 'Good pizza but the staff is lack of emotion', 'Very good place for both drinks and food, charming bar atmosphere with a good selection of whiskys. Staff was incredibly helpful in finding the right drink to try.\nFood was tasty.\nOverall we had a great time here but beware: It can get quite expensive. As a tourist coming from abroad, the Swedish prices are heavy to take in. And while The Bishops Arms is not "high class expensive" for Swedish standards, it still is expensive compared to most bar-restaurants of mainland Europe of the same category.', "Worst fish and chips I've eaten in years. The fish was tasteless and no crisp at all and the chips was clearly not freshly fried but also quite soggy.", 'Fabulous food and excellent service by  “Eric” pulling a one-man show - so lovely to spend the previous evening at the Bishops Arms .\n\nCheers!', 'It’s weekend and it’s fully booked everywhere and me &  bf was so hungry so we decided to stop by and eat here. I ordered Oxkind and taste so awful taste old taste weird. Got stomach ache after.', 'Great restaurant, the food is very good, tasty and well presented. I can recommend the buffalo wings. Staff are very  friendly and attentive.', 'Cozy restaurant and friendly waitress. Good place for spending time with friends. However, the food  and could have been better...', 'very nice cat art', "Nice atmosphere, for a place that I personally love to go, when there's a football match on TV. Prices slightly above the average (apart from IPA beers, quite expensive), and good food. Nice service. Worth to visit when in Möllan", "Mesmerizing service, which I never get in any bar of Malmo. Environment and service make it’s drinks best from other bar in Malmo.\nMy brain is fully crack down by it's total disaster drinks. What a lovely drinks.....\n😍😍😍", 'In Mollan and need a chill spot to hang out with your squad? This is it!\n\n1. They have board games / indoor games you can borrow.\n2. Drinks are affordable (not a lot of variety though)\n3. They have food. . Also kinda affordable-ish\n\nThey definitely enforce covid protocols if you’re concerned about that.\n\nI’d definitely go back', "Last night we were looking for a place with an open kitchen at 23:00 on a Sunday.  I am happy that we found this nice place.  The food was plentiful and tasty. We are thankful that they notified us about Swedish restrictions on drinking on the streets, so we don't get into trouble later on.", 'Literally the best bar in Malmö. Not joking. My whole gang comes here all of the time, all of the people in the bar are super nice, prices are super cheap and the whole experience is amazing!! These people go out of their way to move around tables and chairs, just for you to have a good place to sit at. I would recommend the “total disaster” drink, its one of the recently added and its delicious. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!', "30+ rotating beers on tap, including a cask ale. All beers are served in multiple sizes. Get a pint or build your own tasting flight. They also large selection of bottles and cans. On top of that they also offer a wide range of whiskeys. The staff is very knowledgeable about both the beer and the whiskey so don't hesitate to ask for recommendations.", 'Total surprise to find a traditional English Pub in Malmö.\nAnd it’s stocked with amazing beers!\nLovely atmosphere and knowledgeable staff.\nMust visit for beer lovers.', "As a pub it is great, cozy and they have great beers from the tap and the staff is frindly. As a kitchen it is not that good. The fries are frozen ones and it was dry and too salty. The hamburger meat was dry and tasteless,  the bun was soggy. So if you want to drink it is a great place but for foods don't expect too much.", 'Cool place to relax and enjoy a glass of beer. Great variety of beers to select from. Bishop must have been a hell of a beer fan! They serve some hot and cold dishes to match with your beer. Nice view to the square just opposite.', 'Can’t beat the low price for beer.  0.41 cl of Granges for 35kr until 19:00 may be the best price in town  Pork steak and beer combo is also not a bad deal—-just don’t expect Michelin starred cuisine , yet still good for the price.', 'Very nice bar. The location is extremly beautiful and the staff is very friendly. Had very good conversations even tough I came alone. The nachos were good, the beer as well and the gin also. Definitely a nice place. I can absolutely recommend it.', 'Excellent place, Lilla torg needed a down to earth bar among all the others. Cheap beer & food, nice staff and also a game room with shuffleboard. I will come again for sure. Enjoy your evening at Lion!', 'First of all, there is nothing wrong by going to this place, when the deal is a fully Large piece of Pork with this smashed potatoes style around, with grillled vegetables and a Beer for 119 SEK you go for it. No it will not be best one you ever had, however its decent and you will not be hungry after.\n\nThis place if for the once that wants a good vibrant after work or just a place to hang who have decent cheap prizes on everything.\n\nThe age group is of all ages, 20 ish to late 50 ish is what I saw. And they were all enjoying them self in the company they had. :)', 'Amazing local pub with Swedish food and friendly atmosphere', "Ai was in pub Vagabond after a tiring day. It is suburban gem where regulars come. This pub is full of history!\n\nThe head waiter is working in this pub since 1986 and the head chef since 1981. Incredible😍\n\nJust strike a conversation with them and you will be amazed to learn about the pub's history. The regulars buy a silver beer mug and get their name engraved on the mug. I wish I had the budget.\n\nThey serve local Swedish cuisine which is a must to try here.\n\nThe most charming pub in Malmö!", 'The food was good. This is more like a neighborhood pub. Good parking', 'Great little pub, food is really good. You have to go in to order', 'What you expect but the fourth star since they switched on the Giro and gave us good seats to see it.', 'Great food and bar. Very friendly staff definitely go there again', "Nicely located in central Norrköping. Personnel was friendly and helpful. Food is good and there' s a decent (although not great) choice of beer. Usually there's a bunch of TVs in the restaurant and major sporting events (mostly European football) are televised. On the downside, the menu is slightly limited and there could be a broader variation of beer, but all in a nice place I'd gladly visit again.", 'Great mood för watching football matches or hockey. Food is OK though up against though competition in town which puts it below a 4-star. Beer selection is OK aswell.', 'Great pub, great atmosphere, on point service, loved their beer selection, and food. Cheers, guys!', 'Very friendly staff and great selection of beers! I got fisch&chips which was very tasty. Interior is classy', 'Good atmosphere, nice beer', 'Good selection of drinks at the bar and good knowledge', 'Perfect place for quick beer stop :) great service, awesome staff !', "The burger were quite dull and the price was way to high in proportion. The staff was nice though and they've spent a lot of time on the interior.", "Alright sports bar, you get what you'd expect but not in any bad way.", 'Calm pub with excellent food and awesome staff. Highly recommended.', 'Great food and drinks selection. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Super happy we found this place!', 'Fantastic atmosphere, food and drink.  Mussels, schnitzel and Fullers a perfect dinner. Skol!', 'Loaded fries omhf vego so good', "If you're looking for a place with wide variety of beer, ales and craft beer, this is the place to go in Norrköping. They also serve great food!", "Small local bar that is really nice and serves good food. With great staff. With a spot near the river that goes through town it's a great place to stop by when out for a stroll or exploring. And also a nice place to go by evening if you prefer the smaller bars/pubs.", 'I love this bar. The food and drinks are perfect. The staff are very friendly.', 'Nice and cosy environment. Nice variation of background music. The food is great and the staff are very friendly. Their sortiment of beer and drinks is good.', "Extremely good burgers.\nPretty good service.\nCosy environment with their cinema chairs.\nThe vegetarian burgers don't taste that much.", 'Cood food, good drinks, good prices :)', 'Good to place to enjoy some Beer at low prices with young crowd. You can play some blackjack and try your luck. Cheers! :)', 'Great place with nice and cheap food and drinks. Friendly staff and karaoke every other Wednesday with great atmosphere!', "Nice staff, music's little to loud, the beer is priced nicely, mixed crowd nothing special though..", "Amazing Irish pub with the tastiest meals. it's super cozy, woody and generally quite 'Irish' haha. The service is good and fast with bartenders speaking Swedish and English. Only downside is prices are kinda high but other than that, it's great.", "Magical pub food! Best UK food we've tried! This is a golden place in Uppsala. Highly recommend. Staff is great, serviceminded and food is +++\nRecommend the Ribs and Fish N Chips!", 'Very nice and atmosfera pub', "It has been a while that I posted any reviews, especially in Uppsala it's just my second one. But I must praise where it's worth.\nO'Connor offered me the best BBQ Ribs that I had, outside of the UK or homemade, ever. The meat was coming off the bone.\nAmazing Corn on the Cob, which I usually steer clear of, so that says a lot.\nAnd a really kind and friendly service.\nTotally worth the price for lunch, bread, a soda and coffee.", 'The outdoor seatings are quite okay. Not on a busy street. View over Uppsala cathedral. Indoors - interior in dark wood. Looks slightly old (which some may think look charming).\n\nFriendly and considerate staff.\n\nThe food is generally what is expected of british food - not very interesting or flavourful. Not much to choose from the menu. They seem to be good at some fried dishes. The fried scampi was great and my husband enjoyed their fish & chips.', 'Nice place to have craft draft beer. Great options of draft beer, cozy place, delicious food and friendly staff.\nMany good draft beer options, and what most important, local ones from Uppsala breweries', "Perfect on all points.\n\nSpecial mention to the Australian waitress, you're so nice and your beers suggestions were awesome !\n\nDefinitely the place to be.", 'It was my first time here and Mika made us feel so welcome! She had such a sunny personality that makes us feel like coming back here just to have her make my drink ♥️\nIt’s not very often you’re met with such great hospitality :D', "authentic student's bar with great food/drink package relative to low price. Easy going waiters and ambient atmosphere.", 'AVOID! The owner is a p*rick, very arrogant and unfriendly. If you want to see towns dirtiest toilets you should come here. Furniture is old and used as (**) Our food was cold and the beers where warm. Not worth any star.. :(', 'The burger and beer combo is nice, good value for money. Centric place', "The staff is very polite and super friendly, and the prices aren't too high. The downside is that the music can be too loud sometimes so you can't hear what people are saying. Also the limited outdoor seating during the summers when sitting inside can be a bit hot.", 'Some of the best fries. While it has some of the pricer beers among the nations they are also my favorite with, a solid wheat beer.', "Gotland nation's own Pub. Great place.", 'Nice place for students who want to dance on Fridays', 'Best staff in Uppsala!', 'Good food, nice staff. You still order from table so I feel they are still being careful for covid. Overall great.', 'Student pub with lots of beer at a good price. Lively and cosy. Entrance is only for students. Compulsory wardrobe at a 4 kr fee.', 'Uppsalas premiere student pub. You need a student idea and visitors permit to go, but you really should if you have the two of those!', 'Good beer and prices, alright food, but always loud and all the tables are communal, so having a conversation with friends can be a struggle.', 'Really cosy and nice pub and the staff was lovely. They have many vegan dishes on the menu. The tofu and chips was really good. Definitely recommend this place!', 'Very helpful staff good collection of beers but the best about this pub is that you can enjoy good music because it is usually loud.\nDisclaimer: In Swedish pubs music is so low you can barely distinguish it', 'Went there on a Monday evening during late October 2022. A small number of clientele were either with friends or by themselves at the bar. About 20% capacity. Music was a good mix of pop, including Abba at volume to hold a conversation without shouting and still recognize the song playing. Cosy with warm lighting. Lots of old fashioned lamps as the theme of decor. Love the antique phone in the restroom.', "This pub do have friendly and helpful staff.  I only saw 1 toilet so for me this is not OK.  Nevertheless, I highly recommend this pub because their food is delicious and they have hapoy hour offer.  Don't forget to order the crunchy and delicious curly fries which is actually good for 3.", "Their burgers are really good! I chose the 440gram burger this time, which was delicious. The place itself is a bit to tight and the air isn't the best, has a funky smell when it's full of people.", 'Staff are great time m and the place has a nice chill atmosphere! Only place I can find a specific cider as well. Get the Rekorderlig on tap!', 'excellent food, nice atmosphere and friendly service. I recommend.', 'Mixed Swedish- and English speaking staff (for which not complaining!) all providing great service. Genuine setting and some innovative ideas such as the menu layout; great food and drinks overall well worth the money.\n\nBear in mind that the restaurant is very dimly lit, which for me is a blessing but might become an obstacle for some.', 'I had super fun with my friends here, a unique and creative bar!\n10/10  I suggest it alot', 'Fantastic bartender. He was everything you want in a bartender of such place: interesting, dedicated and very pleasant to talk to.\n\nI recommend this place if you want a "in-between" stop from a previous bar or restaurant to the next place!', 'More engaging than the ones in Stockholm and Göteborg', 'I used to come here some years ago, and I always felt like it was a welcoming place, and a nice environment. But my last visit totally disappointed.\nThe bar tenders definitely did not seem to want us there, even if we were a crowd of 10, willing to spend money in the bar. They did not want to serve us and they kept attending only the people they were more familiar with.\nAlso, half the shots we wanted to try were not available, and they ended up convincing us to try one, which we later figured out it was the most expensive of the entire bar.', 'Great Bar for every one so try it out for fun and enjoy thee remix of life.', 'Staff is so kind and friendly! We had a great date here tonight', "It's a cheap dive bar with affordable drinks and questionable clientele. They have kareoke though. If that's what you are looking for, it'll do (and won't break the bank, unlike the other bars in town). Don't expect toouch though. You get what you pay for ;)", 'A typical trashy place with cheap booze and karaoke on some nights. There are even gambling machines to add to the "unique" atmosphere. What else do you need? :)', 'We were lucky to catch a nice place in n the outdoor seating ears. Bar on tap was very good. Our waitress was also very nice. Would come again and have a beer', "Amazing köttbollar! Me and my partner were looking for some traditional Swedish quisine, and we couldn't be happier with what we got here. Also good beer and very friendly staff!", "I was here at beer tasting. Very priceworthy, especially with the food! The atmosphere and the beertasting was chill. I'm not a fan of beer, but these ones were pretty ok! Wallenbergare served afterwards was one of the best I've eaten!", 'Good selection, friendly and helpful staff. It is located on the second floor in a old building, quite cozy vibes and just a great place to chat while trying new beers.', 'Perfect spot for a beer if you are a student. A wide range of beers and a great backyard where you can sit.', 'Good food, cheap beer and a nice place to hang out. You have to be a nation member though.', 'Ok place for a beer and a burger, although the stone walls makes it a bit noisy and hard to chat.', 'Cosy yet a bit small', 'Went here for a glass of wine, super nice atmosphere and good wine', 'Friendly and attentive bartenders!', 'Great atmosphere! Stylish looking place and the barkeeper was super friendly to us.', "Waiting for food for like 2 hours.. One poor employee working the whole place.. Poor employee is trying but this ain't worth a visit", 'Fantastic service and interesting, varied and delicious food. Everything was above and beyond what we’d expected, and the entire experience was so pleasant and enjoyable. We visited with our two children, and both us and them enjoyed tasting everything from a variety of about twelve different tapas, and then shared a few desserts. Dishes arrived bit by bit, as they should, but I think we had everything on the table at once at one point. Was a challenge to accommodate it all!\n\nThe restaurant was busy and buzzing, but there wasn’t a moment where we weren’t closely attended to by the very friendly and hard working staff. There was a lovely atmosphere there, and everyone else in the restaurant looked like they were having as nice a time as we were.\n\nThis was more expensive than a regular dinner out for our family, but I think it represented really fantastic value - courses were priced at quite a broad range, and you could, so to speak, see the money on the plate in every course.\n\nHighly recommended.', 'Good Spanish food, and nice selection of dishes. A bit expensive for the quantity of each dish, but the flavour really compensates for that. Really good drinks, and very good deserts as well. The personel is always very caring, welcoming, and nice. I like the atmosphere both in winter and in summer, in the indoors restaurant, and the terraces outside.', 'Not a satisfying experience. Very small portions, even for “tapas” standards, especially considering the high prices. Service could definitely be improved. It was slow and inattentive.', 'Highly recommend this place! The food was absolutely delicious! Nice staff, reasonable prices, lovely atmosphere and a really good cocktail bar on the second floor. Will definetely come back!', 'Went by to seek warmth and get a few drinks a late and cold winter evening. Was met with absolutely top notch service in a super relaxed atmosphere.\nLikely to become a regular goto.', 'I celebrated my birthday at this restaurant and I made a really good experience with Matti and his team. Before the meal I had good help to plan the details and during our lunch me and all the other guests felt very welcome and well looked after. Bravo! 😊', 'Went for dancing, we only danced and had a beer and for that Le Parc is perfect!', "I went out for dinner in the summer of 2014 at this restaurant and came home sick. The food was disgusting. I just had a hamburger (170 SEK i.e. 25 USD). The meat was terrible, it was as if it was someone had cooked it badly, let it cool down, and recooked it. It was full of butter, cream, mayonnaise and other greasy ingredients which made my stomach upset. There was a hint of lettuce and some pickled cucumber. It was, probably, one of the worst hamburgers I've ever had. For my US friends, indeed, I paid 25 USD for that excrement. I've been at the restaurant in the past and it was cheaper and somewhat better. Now they have increased their prices and lowered the quality of food. I really feel sick. I have no idea how they can make a simple piece of meat taste so bad.", "I've been there shortly before the closure time and just had time to drink half beer. The guys were so kind to let me and my friend to empty our glasses during their cleaning time. It was very nice to see how many football fans there were in Sweden, just making me nostalgic of my homeland. In any case, the closure time is too early 'cause I haven't had time to play in the bowling alleys.", 'I came here for my friend’s birthday. Easy to find, and nice entrance. We bowled here for a few hours and had a nice time. They gave out free water, as well. Bowling shoes were really uncomfortable and the hard wood floor was not helping at all. The picture thingy was funny, we had a lot of fun with it. Nice slushes. They also had popcorn and candy. The atmosphere wasn’t the best, a bit loud. The employees were a bit cold for some reason.', 'A really fancy sports bar. Don’t show up for bowling or watching a football match in shorts that are deemed to be too sporty - you will be refused entry and made to go back home and change. Maybe add something about a dress code to your website, and be specific about not allowing sporty shorts in your sports bar.', "Beer, shuffle board, mario kart, friendly staff, what's not to like.", 'I loved this typical British bar in Västerås.  I had a local ipa brewed three km away from the bar! I came back in 2022 and I still choose this place for taking beers and eating. Everything is really cool here.', 'Nice pub with wide variety of beers. The ambience inside the pub is also cool. It give u a feel that you are in a pub which is heavy history of more than 50-100years. No reservations needed, just find a table n grab it. Food is also OK however serving at table takes time.', 'Went there with my wife and 2 kids. A really nice experience. Very family friendly and tasty food.\n\nThe food was great, the most reniniscent "pub grub" experience I\'ve had since leaving the UK some years ago.\n\nThe staff were really friendly and attentive, good selection of drinks, an impressibve menu, reasonable prices (for Sweden).\n\nI\'d give it 5 stars but we had to wait a long time for the kitchen to deliver. I don\'t know if this is by design or they were over worked or if we just turned up at a busy time.\n\nNevertheless, the wait didn\'t ruin the experience and we\'re keen to visit again.', 'Awesome place. Stylish with thick atmosphere. Selection of beers was huge and those we tasted were as we expected them (=great). They also have nice selection of whisky.\nThe food was also delicious. Definitely want to return.', 'Great, crispy churros and extraordinary Tryffel pasta 🍝. We were 5 people, others ate moose steak, hamburger, vegan kebab, vegan pizza. Big plus for having a separate vegan menu for the vegan friends 👍', 'Went to this place, because it was the top rated on tripadvisor. Staff was great and the food was good.\nWe ate pizza and pasta with seafood.\n\nThe pasta with seafood had ALOT of shrimp, prawn and muzzles. Great value and taste.\nThe pizza dough has a unique taste that I really liked.\n\nGreat prize and great food. Check it out!', "Albert's does not only serve good food, they create food artwork.\n\nAlbert’s prepare all their meals and sauces themselves and the owner, Kennedy, wants nothing but the best for his customers and takes the time to recognize customers needs and is very keen to hear constructive criticism if something is amiss so that they can improve their services to the customer.\n\nThe atmosphere is calm and relaxing with music neither too low or too loud.\n\nI highly recommend their fatányéros (plankstek) medium rare with bearnaise sauce.\n\nKennedy, fantastic work and representation.\n\nI’ll will eat here again.", 'Very good food (crispy fries, delicious vegetarian burger, good entrecote, ...), really friendly and attentive waiter, cheap for swedish standards.', "We're often here during quiz night on Wednesdays. There is a nice atmosphere and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. Good beers on tap.\nDuring happy hour the prices are very reasonable and the food is ok. As far as I know it's the only place in Västerås where you can get decent BBQ.", '10 beers on tap and more on can and bottle. Food is different Croques and the one with mushrooms looks great.', "Fantastic bar! The 'Sticky Fries' are amazing! (French Fries, Agave Syrup, Coriander, Chilli, Sesame Seeds, Sesame Oil, Soy). Totally unique 😊 totally delicious!!!", 'I liked the “Chicken Hot Wings” it is awesome better than many restaurants in the country', 'one of my friend couldn’t get in because «\xa0she was wearing sweatpants\xa0» but my other friend could although they were wearing some as well. the first is black and the second is white… we were staying at the hotel to top it off, that’s really a shame', 'Inugurated 1989 and then it was hip and cool. Today still a really nice view and good cocktails.', 'Tad bit more expensive than other bars but the view and aesthetics more than made up for it. An all around pleasant experience.', 'Very nice place, the view is amazing, but little small, so difficult to find a place to sit at times.\nStaff is great. Must visit if you come in Västerås.', 'Had a nice chat and drink at this bar, but in one part of the bar there was no to almost no music playing. That is the only feedback I had, furthermore it was a nice and cozy bar.', 'GREAT FOOD and NICE PEOPLE - It’s a nice local pub with a comfortable atmosphere that is lacking in many restaurants.', 'British style pub, I had a Murphys stout but was poured badly and to fast.', 'OK, but a bit quiet. Barman needs lessons in pouring stout.', "Good pub ....Guinness was lovely and the barstaff were really nice....only thing was it's a bit tooooo English don't get me wrong I really like it but as an Englishman it was more English than my old local back", 'Right in the center of town, good place for a cold draft beer and some pub food', "Our 'go to' place when we are on Örebro, always good.", 'The Bishops Arms restaurant has a cozy and welcoming atmosphere with friendly staff. However, there are some areas that could use improvement.\nIn terms of food quality, it seems that both the croque monsieur and Caesar salad were not up to par. While the taste of the croque monsieur was okay, it was not exceptional. Additionally, the Caesar salad was served at an abnormally cold temperature, which detracted from the overall dining experience.\nFurthermore, the hamburgers were disappointing as they tasted like they were cooked in old oil. Overall, it seems that The Bishops Arms has potential but may need to focus on improving its food quality and temperature control practices.', 'Nice place for a bite to eat before the movies, a little loud at times but it has a pub style so to be expected. Good prices & friendly staff.', 'I was looking for a vegetarian option and they had one. Taste was good', 'Had a great night, paid generously for hours of pool. Until the security guard came and yelled at us to show ID (all of us were long over 20). No one was intoxicated either, and the seemingly high security guard nearly went and started a fight as he was cursing my friend.\n\nAwful experience, especially as I was showing around friends from abroad.', 'Good place to handout in a small town.', 'Great friendly staff and whole lot verities of beer. Loved the place. Recommend for a weekend out.', 'Good food, nice ambiance, great personnel.', "Cozy environment, great drinks and nice staff, I will definitely visit again. The burger I had was not as good as I expected, but the patty and fries were great. I'll try another dish next time.", 'Excelent food. A huge variety of beers!', 'Nice place to drink some beer and eat for reasonable prices.', 'Relaxed Ambiente, many TVs with sports, like everywhere in sweden very expensive beer (790kr/500ml)', "It's nice to sit there to take a drink and eat.", "It's five stars because of Thailan the owner. I've expressed repeatedly that the size of meals need to be increased. It's a franchise bar which may have limitations, apart from this it's open until 03.00 often, has North American hockey daily from 23.00ish as well as SHL. They also switch channels if one has a preference for rugby union as example. The channels available are the same width as other large franchise chains.", 'Small and a lot of young crowd. Awesome staff and cheap beers. Can get packed and tough to find a place to sit.', 'Great place to sit down and take an average beer. Popular among locals.', 'Friendly staff and cheap alcohol, a perfect combo for a nice day out.', 'Friendly and welcoming!', 'The haddock I had was unfortunately way overdone despite the kitchen having a convection oven capable of perfecting it. Generous portions and a big salad buffet still makes this place a good option if succeeding with other dishes.', 'Food was okay. Not bad not good either. Wine that was recommended with seafood was tasty though. Staff was friendly, we had to wait for a long time to both:order, get the food and then the dessert..\nThe "seafood" pasta that on the menu had squid, had no traces of it, we got two mussles and the rest was shrimps, that werent even tossed in the pasta sauce..\nThe other letdown honestly was the nutella pizza that is supposed to be server with "berries"?? We might have gotten two strawbwrries on that plank!?\nI wouldve gotten it a 3 stars but honestly I felt a little bit scammed after ordering something from the menu and it didnt have the ingredients it said it did.\nCRAMPED?', 'Best starter I have ever had. Sad to see that it has disappeared from the menu.', 'I wanted to give 10 stars to Service.. There are really cool people working here, very professional but also very nice and social.  The food and and atmosphere are also really good. Quite happy in general.', 'The meal has been delicious and the housebeer (hamlets) was a very positive experience.\nThe pricing is fine for the satisfying amount of food you get.\nIn addition the personal is friendly, helpful, and offers fast service.', 'I liked this place. Found prices are reasonable for Sweden (175-225 sek per meal and 60-80 for beer/cider). The food is delicious! I had laxplanka: backed salmon served on wooden plate together with potatoe mash and some vegetables, also backed in oven. Can only recommend it to try)', "Both the food quality and the available menu was quite good, but the service was inferior. The personal seemed utterly uninterested in their customers. Orders were taken with a complete lack of interest, engagement and discretion. The staff seemed stressed and did not have the presence that is needed to be service-minded. For example, when we just had arrived, instead of leading us to our table, the waitress was pointing us towards the other side of the room with a bored tone. When she saw that her instructions were unclear, she repeated the same vague instructions.  Another clear example of their lack of service orientation: The appetizer was served only a few minutes before the main dish! Why should our main dish stand waiting and be cold while we finished our appetizer? A 150-250 Sek/dish restaurant should be able to coordinate the dishes in a logical way.\n\nIt was generally hard to reach out to the staff and they did not come around during the night to ask if anything was needed. At one instance, it took 10 minutes to get into contact with someone from the staff although I tried to wave anytime someone looked our way. One from the staff sat down, looking at her phone instead of coming around when we tried to reach out. Apart from this, the personnel arrived and took away the candles from our table without any reason. When we finally decided to explain that we wanted to leave the waitress did not listen. In total ignorance of what we tried to say she just kept to her speech agenda telling us that we need to go and pay the food before 10 pm if we want to stay.\n\nYes, I complain about several small things. None of them is a large problem in themselves but they sum up to a colossal disappointment. A valentines day night should not be about looking after waiters and waitresses that are uninterested in doing their job.\n\nIts a shame. Hamlet's current menu has potential, and the furnishing is as classy as always.", "We were hungry and didn't expect too much because it looks more like a sports bar. We were really impressed by the food quality it was really yummy for a reasonable price. My salmon with potatoes and vegetables was fantastic. Very good choice here in the town", 'I love this pub!  The staff is welcoming and friendly, good service. They have the best fish and chips in town! I also love their pork burger "Fläskestegsburgare" which is to die for! I\'ve been here many times and will always come back! In the summer it\'s nice to sit outdoors with the marina next to it and in the winter it\'s cozy indoors.', 'We had a fantastic evening in the Pub Ro. Ice cold beer, great Fish and chips, Sambuca and a really nice service. On top of this we had a nice view on the harbor. Clear recommendation!', "Good choice of lager.\nI had prawns pil pil which was delicious and the cod fish and chips which was so fresh.\nLovely setting in the port can't wait to go back again.", 'Nice view over the marina. Not the biggest selection of beers, but what they do have is good.', 'Waited for an hour and when we asked (many times) how long more to wait, they didn’t even had an answer. They even offered a refund - wasting 1 hour of time and the possibility of eating somewhere else', 'Nice traditional Danish café during the day and bodega in the night, with simple offer and billiard. Recommended for lunch with smørrebrød and a beer and also in the night for a couple of beers and some billiard.', 'Great selection of food outlets. Much cheaper than town centre. Good beer.', 'One of the best and oldest local bars in the city! Good beer🤤', 'Ordered through fodoora and the meat was raw and the bun was soggy. I did get my money back from fodoora but still disgusting.', 'This place has such a fantastic vibe, the staff is amazing and very polite. The food is amazing and well served 😍 I can really recommend this place to everyone.', 'A fantastic location with great atmosphere and food. Recently completely renovated and locally run by a very pleasant family. Prices are super reasonable. Can highly recommend to anyone passing by!', 'Amazing staff. The food is extraordinary! I had such a Good time!', 'Nice wee local boozer', 'Staff is friendly and beers are cheap', 'Good music and good atmosphere\nNot too crowded and quiet', 'Good food, very  nice staff, reasonable prices', 'Fantastic. Smoerbrod with beer and schnapps served at a reasonable price in seconds. A guy singing and playing keyboard and locals singing along, joining in, and he takes requests. Great atmosphere.', 'Just nice the place.\nNo choice of food, no veg options, not even tap water.\nFood not good, not prepared at the moment, served cold.\nWaitress unkind.\nIn general, not a good choice.', 'The staff is impolite! Don’t know why she didn’t welcome and keep say no when we ask if we can order sandwiches', 'Conveniently situated, close to the boats and the train station.', 'Good prices, tasteful drinks, knowledgable staff and some food to try. Sitting outside is a plus, with the cruisers as neighbours.', 'Guinness, seats, and wifi are great. Minus one star for the noisy quiz old man!', 'Nice environment, good service. Nice place for a beer and light meal.', 'Very pretty and warm atmosphere with attentive staff. Will definitely visit again', 'Great place to watch weekends football. 😊', "Very cosy bar, reminds me of an English pub, except here it's so well taken care of.\nBurgers were so yummy, maybe they should put a side sauce for dries, other than that, just perfect cosy spot!", 'Good varities of beers. Food menu was good with many tapas options as well.\nFrench fries and nachos were good and prepared well.', 'I really love this pub, got a real pub feel to it and great range of beers too!', 'It has the vibe of a students pub, but don’t be fooled by the trays of shots. There are 20+ taps showcasing a number of local Danish breweries alongside some macro offerings. An appreciated break from the traditional Allminelig Pilsner that otherwise dominates the town.', 'Got a sour pilsner. I love pilsner but this one was contaminated. Complained about it but only got offered a 20% discounton next beer. What an arrogant attitude and bad customer service. Avoid...', 'Good selection of beers and drinks. Nice to sit outside.', "This is a great bar and might be the best bar in Helsingor. Haven't tried them all yet as i keep coming back to skum. Also, great mexican finger food next door. Perfect", '', 'Very nice place, with a very nice manager. Thank you Henrik for a great experience!', 'Great place to just hangout (while buying drinks, of course).  Friendly staff, clean and inviting location.', 'One the best bars in Helsingor, great service and great drinks made with expertise ! and not that expensive .', 'Awesome local corner bar! No food, only snacks (crisps, nuts). It was raining so we sat inside at the bar and talked with bartender Mia and she was awesome!', 'They have Guinness on tap. I went on a Monday  at lunchtime to check the place out. Had a nice pint with crisps and olives. The do not serve meals. Ok for a pint though. The owner was friendly.', 'English (or Irish) lang. is missing ... To be honest a waiter doesnt know what single malt whisky have, looking on me like on UFO. Also Shakira music... Come on. Bar is nice and small, just about 5-6 tables and terrace, but like it.', 'Paco is the best in Madrid. Beautiful human. Very passionate and friendly. We went 20 times to see him maybe?', 'This has been run by the same team for more than 20 years, just around the corner from the Bernabéu. If you want to watch La Liga, EPL, rugby, or other sports, this is your spot!', 'I have been many times. There is a good burger. Good beers. Sport shows on TV and so. This time the restrooms were awful, smelling terribly in the nearby tables. So, I am downgrading my rate.', "Was a little worried about the mixed reviews, but the waiter was friendly, the Guinness was good and we got to watch the soccer match between Denmark and Wales.\nWe also tasted the DYC Spanish whisky (8 years), was reminiscent of a soft Scottish whisky, can recommend to try (even though it's expensive).", "Not the best of places. Food is average and the cocktails taste like they are not made from scratch.  Prices aren't the best either.  The only plus is there is plenty of space outside for the hot weather.  One of the waiters speaks English but the bar girl doesn't have a single word - not the usual in an Irish bar.", 'I love the place to much and the people who work here they are the best, I wish they  have Many appetizers like the other irish pubs beef hot dogs 🌭 😆 🤣', 'The take away lunch menu is a rip-off: 10.90€ and if you want a drink + 50 cents. So it is more expensive to take away than to eat on site .... ridiculous, especially when all the restaurants around have  cheaper menus and additionally most of them put the price down when it is take away menu.\n\nGood place to have a beer, looking like an old irish pub (staff and owner are spanish).\n\nThe booths are cosy and fun.\nGood place to see football games on big screen.\n\nSome food is good: burritos, some food is very average: cachopo (deep fried in old oil) and some food is aweful: the cod. Burgers are good.', 'I was a bit sceptic about having a family lunch in an Irish pub but I was so wrong. Yes, it is a pub but the food is traditional Spanish, cooked freshly from scratch and not only is delicious but also reasonably priced. The eggs with picadillo are yummy.', 'Great atmosphere.  Not really Irish fare.  Nice service staff.  Would eat there again.', 'Pretty cool spot! Loved the atmosphere and service was good. Beer was cold and food was delicious', 'Great service, decent pint of Guinness!', 'The Beer Temple is a great place to watch a football game and enjoy a night out. There’s plenty of screens, great atmosphere, good food for the price tag, and a solid selection of draft beers!', 'Service and atmosphere is fantastic! Great place to grab a beer or two. They have options from all over the world.', "It's notan I'rish pub'... but does have a huge range of beers.. shows footy and rugby matches and right beside a good Indian plus a couple of Spanish restaurants and a Gino' and if you have kids..a lovely park too. Can't fault it really..", 'Great place for the money and a extended variety of beers.', 'Best place in Madrid for a real good cocktail well served and best quality price relationship', 'Guinness and pig ears are the best combination', 'A nice place to have some after hours good time, have some drinks. Not very fancy but away from the noise big streets. Perfect place for breakfast, good quality/price ratio.', 'Osama was amazing, he was very good welcoming and showed us how to have a good night in madrid. He spoke exceptional english and was able to cater for everyone. Make sure you see him when you are around!', 'Not the best place to go to eat. Food was cold, plates were small and service slow. When we complained about this they offered chupitos(?).\nNo recomiendo, no volveré. Tenes una parrila a 50 metros.', 'DON’T GO THERE The worst lasagna i ate\nIt was cold, i asked two times to warm it up. Bad service , we asked for discount and they offer chupitos. Im sure it was not self made at they said.\n\nLa peor comida de madrid', 'Lovely service, staff are so helpful and happy. Amazing drink prices and a nice place to sit outdoors and see the world go by. Very impressed.', 'Lovely pub, with a great charm about it, had an atmosphere about it, the barman was friendly and helpful,the little snacks were a nice touch. Loved it.', 'Excellent service!!! Nice workers and nice owner too. If you want take a good beer (especially Guinness) and meal, this is the right Pub.', 'Nice-looking “typical” (fake)Irish pub within the neighbourhood of Acacias.\n\nLovely atmosphere and decoration, proper stuff, good assortment of beers though all of them provided by Guinness, so forget about drinking a pint of Murphy’s ‘round here.\n\nStill a good choice of place for having a drink either at its terrace or in its carefully designed interior.', 'Well-pulled Guinness, one of the few places in Madrid that does it sufficiently.  Always nice to sit on the terrace for a few after work...  The staff are nice as well, and the interior is beautifully decorated.', 'Probably, it was not the best day (Thursday), the terrace was not that clean, and the potato chips were quite old... and the service could be improved.', 'Visited two days in a row - Great for individuals or couples, not so great for groups.', "Pub itself is ok but the burger was not good at all. Not cooked through and with cartlidge inside. Not very good at all!\nStaff tried it's best but was overwhelmed due to a football game and large number of guests.", "Absolutely dire experience, I am actually quite annoyed with it and have no idea why there is a high rating here?!\n\nFirstly, to call themselves an Irish bar is an insult to Irish people - nothing about this bar was Irish but the Guinness they serve and a strange decor that to be frank could've been themed to any train station in any country from the 1940's. It's an utter disgrace and incredibly misleading to say it's Irish.\n\nThe Pro's:\nThe bathroom clean enough albeit tiny. Huge queue for the ladies, assume they only had one cubicle too.\n\nIt was busy. I can only assume it's due to lack of other bars and pubs in a walking vicinity, feel sorry for the locals, they deserve better.\n\nThe Con's:\nI could be here all night so I'll keep it to the two main points.\n\nThe service: utterly horrendous. Waiting staff that looked like they didn't want to be there. Took us 30 mins (that's no exaggeration at all, infact it could've been more) to get our first round of drinks. You know the night is going to be bad when you actually cheer with delight when the drinks come out! All night the service was slow and utterly amateurish. Meals coming out separately one by one at 5-10 minute intervals, trying to get service for drinks was like trying to draw blood from a stone.\n\nTip: Double up on drinks (buy two instead of one) so you don't spend long periods of time staring into your empty glass.\n\nThe food. Utter pits. Irish? No, the entire menu is Spanish. You can't even get a menu in English or staff member who speaks English. Even the Spanish food they couldn't get right - tapas with dry stale bread and strange tasting ham. Paid 10 euros for sirloin steak which was actually medallions, served with the most depressing salad and a lone tomato. No fries. Had I have known from the menu it wouldn't have fries (fries come as STANDARD) I would've ordered it as a side. See my comments re: service as to why I didn't ask when it arrived. The medallions were bathed in salt, bordering on inedible but I skipped lunch so had no choice but endure it. Even my friends burger was a mess - undercooked patty and burnt bread, if you can't cook a burger properly it's a sad day.\n\nTip: Don't eat. Eat before you arrive.\n\nI would thoroughly recommend avoiding the place. If you are looking specifically for a good traditional Irish go somewhere else. James Joyce near Retiro Park in the centre of Madrid is a prime example of an Irish bar - extensive beers/ciders and hey, guess what, Irish food (such as Sausages & Mash, Fish & Chips, Irish Stew, I could go on). You won't also be bombarded with shamrocks as they aren't mutton dressing as lamb, or a woeful Spanish bar trying in vain to be Irish.\n\nThis place is an embarrassment to itself. I really wish I could give it zero!", 'We spent a couple of hours yesterday at the Irish Rover and had a good time. The food was simple but tasty and the place is huge. The bathroom could be cleaner but I generally don’t expect more from a place full with people drinking beer.\nIt’s a cool place if you want to reserve a room and organize your birthday or something Ike that!', 'The atmosphere of this place is fantastic! I enjoyed the music, and when I attended live concerts there, they were great. The drinks were good, the prices acceptable, and the decor is pretty cool. The Irish Rover is perfect for a group get-together. Where they have some room for improvement is in the food. While it was not bad, it was nothing memorable, nothing special.', "We didn't go there for food, just to celebrate St. Patrick's Day for my Irish friend. Plus, we didn't eat, just drinking, dancing and general socialising. Great staff, especially the dj. Excellent crowd, merry, welcoming, dancey mood. When we got there, hardly anyone was there. Later into the evening, it got busy. There was a band playing Irish songs and just making the night magical for everyone. Speaking and singing to random people. It was a great night. I would definitely go back again for St. Patricks Day 2024.", "Great staff, food and wide variety of drinks. My only complaint is the music is diabolical. Absolute garbage music by some dj catering for teenagers who probably don't spend a cent in the place while the real patrons have to suffer. No Irish spirit here whatsoever. Doesn't make sense", "This Irish pub is ideal if you are a looking for a venue to watch an Irish sporting fixture. We went in for an Ireland v Italy six nations match and we got good seating, a big screen and a nice crowd for a good atmosphere. I wouldn't say there is anything authentically Irish about the place but a lot of the time a pub like this is for watching sport and for that it is ideal. The only downside was the insistence of playing absolutely deafening dance music during half time in the match and instantly the game was over. It was way too much and we left straight after the game.", "A perfect bar to hang out with friends to catch up a game of football with few beers.\nThe place has a WiFi which makes up for lack of network inside the place.\nThe place offers a great variety of drinks and food.\nIf you're planning to watch a big game with a group, I advise you to go early (start drinking early) so that you can get a place to sit because the place will be packed otherwise.\nMusic can get a little loud if you're closer to speakers but I believe I'm that rare person who doesn't like loud music!", 'Great Irish themed pub near sol square. Good buzz about the place and decent san miguel\nEfficient bar staff when extremely busy', "All good in O'Connels lovely pint of Guinness . Nice friendly pub great staff", "Smaller Irish bar that can't make up its mind if it wants to be Spanish / English or Irish.\n\nNothing wrong with this...though.\n\nA pint of Guiness here is at the most 1/2 size.  However a shot of Jameson is nearly 3 shots so it all balances out.  Lol\n\nWe did not eat here but the fish and chips looked great.\n\nLocation has limited inside seating and a large outside dining area.\n\nNo bar seating at this time.\n\nPrices were the best we have come across in a long while.", "A nice bar that calls itself an Irish pub altho doesn't really know what it is as serves Irish beer, nachos etc and even Cesar salad. (Don't recommend said Cesar salad)", 'The best Irish Tavern to watch a match, or enjoy a terrace with a beer and some tapas. Super friendly staff makes you feel at home', 'Good prices: alfigem, paulaner salvator,Judas 3,80€ bottle of 0,3l, paulaner( including dunkel) bottle of 0,5 4,80€. The most expensive Murphy pint (5,20€) and blumers original bottle 0,5. 5,80€', 'Love this bar! Go often for the trad music they have on a Monday night. Probably the best Guinness in Madrid. Great place to catch up with friends. Bar staff are friendly and a bit of fun. Would recommend!', 'Great atmosphere and excellent entertainment from the musicians playing traditional Irish music. I was surprised to learn many of them were actually Spanish too!', 'Good pub to watch sports or hang out with a group of friends. Drinks are cheap and well served, no terrace but a big space inside to hang out.\nCan get a bit crowded sometime so make sure to get there early if you want to have space for all your friends.', 'There for the Ireland v South Africa match so probably the best night to be out, but decent beets and very generous gin and tonics, basically a pint of it...', 'Came here after been walking around aimlessly. The bartenders have a good deal and happy to translate stuff for us. The manger on shift was a lovely person, welcoming and friendly, told us about places we can go for a night out. When we ordered the drinks, they arrived promptly and they got rid of the use glasses on the table a smooth efficient way without you having to look for staff to come and clear the tables as we was quite a big group and can imagine.\nThe pub is a nice and warmly pub , don’t have  to  book in advance for a table', 'Pricey and very obnoxious staff. Asked for two san Miguel and seen the first pint being pulled in a Guinness glass and told the lady to make sure the same mistake wasn\'t made with the second pint...went on deaf ears. Ordered a second round of San Miguel and got two pints of Heineken again in a Guinness glass despite again asking for any lager glass to be told that "we don\'t have any lager glasses"??? How can any pub not have a lager glass. The barman then went on to insult me by saying...I\'m sure when U drank cans and bottles in fields they tasted ok...I\'m sorry but he picked wrong person to say that to as I wasn\'t a ditch drinker despite his perception! So much for a scouting mission to watch the Irish game on Saturday...it will not be here!', "A very decent place for a afterwork beer. Murphy's and Leffe on tap, and many more in bottles. Didn't consume any food.", 'Love the atmosphere....Service is excellent and amazing fall off the bone wings. Definitely recommend a visit especially if you are looking for a good Irish pub! Forgot to mentio....Magners!', "This is a very nice Irish Pub. Nice pints and TV screens in every which way but loose! Great for watching live events. It's a little bit out of the way, if you're not from the area but really enjoyed it.", 'Authentic Irish feel, increidible live music and best staff ever! Edu was amazing to sort table to fit us in and service was speedy and with delicious food!', 'Lost the rugby but worth it.', 'Nice food, good beer, upper mid price.\n4 people has dinner for 89€. Lots of nice irish beer included', 'The place to watch sports and specially Rugby (we went for the RWC), the owner is great and very friendly to talk with. They have a great variety of beer and good space to have them.', 'I came twice to this pub and had really good experience on both occasions. First time was to watch Spurs beat Liverpool 2-1 and then again today. My partner and I wanted to watch the Women’s Super League. The owner (I think his name is Javi) he kindly fiddled around for about 15mins trying to get the womens game on, in the end we just watched the mens EPL as we were unsuccessful with the search. We then chatted about all sports with him and he even gave us two shots each on the house. Super friendly bloke and would highly recommend coming here.', 'Great place for a drink in the center of Madrid. Warm welcome and good beer. Awesome that my dog was welcome to! ❤️', 'Here to watch the Rugby and the place was buzzing.  I didn’t see them serving food so can’t rate that', 'Cheery, friendly Irish place. A great local!', 'Fantastic atmosphere, just like back in Ireland!', "Carabanchel always' fun? Yes of course", 'Ok', 'This pub has the rudest barman I ever met. I had to ask for a drink three times . When I asked why he didn\'t want to serve me. He started shouting at me and told me I could leave the pub. At the end of the night I was verbally assaulted by another female staff,who also shouted at me that it was normal for customers to ask for a drink three or four times when the pub was busy. I went to the pub to watch the rugby match between Ireland and New Zealand on Saturday 14th of October and have a chat.  It was one of the worst experiences I have ever had, a totally embarrassing incident from very unprofessional staff. I was chatting with English tourists, who agreed that the barman was really rude. I have visited this pub before and had one drink in this pub on the aforementioned night and will never ever return to this pub eventhough I live in Madrid.\n\nThe response from the "owner" barman who served me is pure lies. I spent the evening chatting with the English tourists and having a good time. They were leaving the bar, when I left. You served other people in the bar who arrived after me before I asked you for a drink for a  third time. I waited over 10 minutes before I asked again for a third time in a calm manner. I am looking into taking further action on this.\nThe English tourists told me you were rude as you told them to leave the service area of the bar earlier in the night. Having worked in the hospitality industry, I would never treat a customer the way you treated me that night. You seem to be rude to some people but not to locals. This is very unprofessional.', 'A cozy place but a great ambiance for the time you are going to watch a match.\nYoi should try their finger food, they are really fresh and crispy.\nI really love the staffs there, they are super friendly 😊', 'I stopped in for a few ciders and a snack while a friend was watching the Flamenco show over the road. The lady behind the bar is really nice and welcoming. A quiet place but then sometimes that’s what you need after a busy or hectic day. Stop by for a drink if you’re in the area.', 'Great Irish bar, more practice needed pulling pints though', 'Typical pub bar, very welcoming, we were served again for free! The atmosphere and music are very inviting! Many thanks to Georges for his warm welcome!', 'Great Irish pub vibes and decor.\nFriendly service and hospitality.\n\nGood place to watch games.', 'In few words • True Irish Pub spirit. Average prices 6.5€ for paint and amazing service.\n\nFood is ok. Beer is perfect.', 'Very good sports bar, we watched El Clasico there, the atmoshpere and the service were superb.', "Good beer and cheap filling bar food of decent standard.  What isn't to like (Irish tropes aside)?", 'Had a pleasant drink in the early afternoon, when returned later on in the evening the bartender stubbornly refused service to us because she checked one of our IDs which said 19th September 2004. Making him 18. However she was convinced that would make him 17 and would not serve us. Having worked on a bar I understand how strict you need to be on IDs but even the bouncer was telling them he was 18.', 'Smashed burger was so good! Patatas bravas was the best as well. The service was very slow but the waitress gave us complimentary drink as an apology which was very kind. Overall we loved the food and the atmosphere, definitely recommended!', 'First and foremost, it is an Irish pub. Very nice beer offerings throughout the day and  very nice sitting possibilities outside right in front of the Placa Reial.', 'As the bar was next to our hotel, we "popped" in a couple of times. Very friendly and great service, although at the airport the next day did wonder if "popping" in wasn\'t a bit of a mistake.\nBut fantastic bar with friendly atmosphere and superb music', 'The drinks were decent and they definitely knew how to pour a pint of Guinness, however the staff was rather unpleasant to say the least.\nFirst one of the lads behind the bar kept trying to hit on one of my mates making her feel extremely uncomfortable and when she kept turning  down his advances they started to make us feel unwelcome and rushed us to leave the bar. The entire time  the atmosphere felt very toxic and unwelcoming.', "Best to avoid this place. Went in for beers and the bartender 'lost' my friends credit card.   Then,  rather than apologizing, said, since we gave it to the other bartender we just had to wait till he came back from break.  After about 5 minutes, the card was somehow found.   Shoddy practice at best. Needless to say, that card will be canceled asap.", 'Had an unreal time at the shamrock. Savage pull on the Guinness. Had a burger that was unreal as well. Service is really good and has a real nice Irish buzz across the whole pub. Pool table, screens for sports.. it’s literally the perfect spot\n\nThanks lads!', 'We had the Shepard’s pie and the home\nMade Guiness stew..\nAbsolutely stunning!!! Combined with a Guiness and a Lagunita’s IPA.\nThe staff was very kind, helpful and nice.\nThe toilets..somewhat typical pub-style.. that’s the reason for the 4/5 ambient points.\nWe loved it! Come in and have a good time!', "Was recommended this place and it did not disappoint - it can get very busy (especially when theres a football match being shown) but overall a great place - a place to have a proper pint of real beer (not fizzy pop lager) that is served at room temperature and chilled to the point of it being undrinkable like alot of 'Irish Bars' in Barcelona.  The food is second to none (apart from the chips - why upon why do places insist on serving frozen chips - would be so much better with real hand cut chips).  Overall a great place to go.", "This place has a great atmosphere and they serve nice big glasses of beer for a great price. They have a pool table, people were friendly. I got the chicken curry, which wasn't terrible, but I guess maybe you don't go to an Irish pub for Indian food.", "Best Irish/British style pub in Barcelona. It's huge but still cozy, staff are friendly, and prices are better than other pubs in the area. The architecture of the place is beautiful too. The reviews complaining about tourists are ridiculous - yeah there are tourists but obviously it isn't going to be a super local place because locals will just go to Spanish places", 'Great place located on the busy las ramblas, real pub like feel and atmosphere, felt like I was transported home. They had live music in the evening, some awesome songs belted out, creating a lovely atmosphere overall. Drink prices more than reasonable. Cocktails were well balanced and you can pay a little bit more to make your drinks even stronger(loved this option). Plus they have Guinness on tap. The staff were always helpful and service was prompt. Thank you for a great night out', 'Absolutely great location on La Rambla and probably only club without a entrance fee around it ! ( been here multiple times and never had a problem getting in :)\nThe drinks and beer can get pretty expensive but you gotta expect that when partying in centre. Otherwise, loved the atmosphere and met here many amazing people every single time ! Great pub for students and travellers !!\n\nAlso, there’s this photostand that could take a picture of you and send it to you afterwards. Great feature :D', 'Extremely slow service during the women’s World Cup final. Not enough staff working on the day. Nachos tasted off, the guacamole had gone bad. Atmosphere was good due to the football fans.', "The bar is quite pricey, so be ready to pay more for a beer than you did in Dublin.\nThe vibe is nice, they play good music, however wouldn't say it attracts the best crowd.", 'Fantastic little place! very friendly locals and great fun bar team.', 'According to their timetable they should have been opened since 19:00; at 19:25 today was still closed!! :@', 'Bad service and bad treatment towards some people', 'I love to be there every weekend...', 'Hands down my favourite bar in Barcelona. The Fastnet is my second home. It’s the place where I made my friends and found a sense of belonging when I first moved to Barcelona. The owners and staff are so warm and friendly, and they really take the time to get to know their regulars. It’s warm and toasty on the coldest of nights, and the pub quiz on Thursdays is honestly such fun (though I’d advise bringing a multi-generation group if you hope to stand a chance against the house champions, since the questions are super varied!). Whenever there’s any sports on, the whole bar comes to life in a most magical way. I’m really glad to have found this bar and grown into one of its regulars.', 'Hands down the best Irish Pub in Barcelona period!! The owner Shane is a Gentleman, I had the buttered chicken curry that was dynamite!!! Great staff, cold beer & blocks from the beach. What more do you need in life? Can’t wait to go back!', "The best Irish bar iv ever come across on my travels. If you happen to stop in for food I *HIGHLY RECOMMEND* the chefs butter chicken, It's absolutely outstanding. Iv had butter chicken all over the world but nothing compares to this bad boy. Please give it a try if you're in town.", 'Good Irish pub lovely Guinness grand atmosphere friendly host. Great sailing pictures and paintings some classic brass binnacles. Lovely outside seating. Craic is good !', "Busy Pub with great beers, friendly punters and competent (not necessarily friendly:-) barman. During a Barcelona football match (until 8:30), followed by an Irish RWC game against the Springboks, one has to give this pub credit. Crowded (but able to get a drink and food) in good time, TV's well positioned so everyone can watch. Although under-staffed for such a huge sports-day, the guys behind the bar managed to continue to pour perfect pints (let her rest fir 30 seconds and she'll be perfect)....maintain service levels and support a super fun evening. Hats off!", 'Fantastic pub. Two different bartenders on different visits and both were friendly and gave great service. Nice selection of cocktails and the food was great to.', 'Had a fun night of drinks and great music at Temple. If you like 90s / 2000s rock / alternative - their playlist is right up you alley. The atmosphere was very lively and our bartender was super nice! (Can’t remember his name but great service form him) The cocktails are reasonably priced for the size you get (8€). We didn’t have food but the food we did see looked good. The only downside was the bathroom situation on the main floor, only one toilet. Overall good vibes, easy to chat to people and close to Las Ramblas 👌🏾', 'Watched sport in comfort, not too crowded. Guinness was excellent and overall well decorated bar.', 'Very cool Irish bar.  The drinks were good and will proceed, and the service was outstanding.  Highly recommend!', "Firstly, the ambience is what draws you in. Well,  besides the big sign that says guiness outside.\nI haven't had the pleasure of being to Ireland but I've tried Guiness in five countries and this bar, it simply served the best and is my standard of Guiness.\nFinally, Ursula and the staff have always been super receptive and very friendly and warm to everyone who comes in. Highly recommend a stop here.", 'I like to beers and atmosphere, price is fair enough barmen was kind', 'AVOID AVOID AVOID!\n\nAbsolutely awful behaviour from the woman manager & security.\n\nFirstly, she was forcing groups to get as close as they could to a table. She made it incredibly clear with a very aggressive tone that if you didn’t buy a drink you would be kicked out immediately.\n\nThis created an awful atmosphere and someone on a different table didn’t want a drink but the manager wasn’t having it at all.\n\nShe snatched one of the groups beers into a cup (spilling it in the process) and took it outside. The argument then escalated because of it. The group were trying to reason and question the very odd and aggressive attitude.\n\nThe manager was saying that because she hadn’t paid for a drink she was no longer a customer and had to leave.\n\nI NEVER leave a review and this is the only time I felt I need to say something.\n\nWe will never go again and will always tell friends to avoid it from now on.\n\nIncredibly rude manager and incredibly aggressive security as well. Awful experience.', "Really nice wood-interior Irish pub with a lot of character. Bartenders were fun and welcoming. Bathrooms were pretty bad (men's at least). Beers were good, and food was OK and large portioned. We could have ordered something better. There was a bit of an insect issue...you can guess the type.", "Very authentic Irish pub, just thought I'd pop in cause my name is Michael Colin and they gave me a free glass 😁 very friendly service so I'll definitely be coming back to try the food!", 'Close to La Sagrada , this is the perfect spot to chill. Nice and cosy vibe to enjoy your drinks and food.', "To the owner: please fumigate this bar! On Saturday I came for the music but it was completely full so we had to sit at the bar instead. While sitting at the bar we saw at least 6 cockroaches crawling on the bar, walls and floor. We were so disgusted we moved seats but were worried that we might have cockroaches in our beers and kept checking around for roaches. I have been here before and enjoyed my time previously but I definitely won't be back until I know the cleanliness has greatly improved.", 'The only reason I am giving them 2 stars instead of 1 is because the service was generally friendly and welcoming upon arrival.\n\nAs far as the drinks go, the margarita I ordered was the worst margarita I’ve ever had in my life and it was served in a martini glass, so much smaller than usual.\n\nAlso, my friend was charged for her drink when she closed her tab, and I was charged for her same drink on my tab. So, be careful to review your tab and make sure it is correct before paying.\n\nWould not recommend this place. There are better options for pubs in Barcelona.', 'great Irish restaurant. The host is super nice. The food was phenomenal. If you are in Barcelona and like Irish ambiance this is the place for you', 'Amazing atmosphere, really lovely staff! The menu is somewhat limited but their desserts are delicious. Service in English and Spanish available. The bathroom was clean too. Overall, loved the James Joyce experience. Literature fans, Irish lovers and those seeking a nice break will have a great time here.', "Its ok. Nice atmosphere in terms of decor, the food wasn't particularly great.. we got fish and chips and chicken burger. The fish and chips were nice but the burger patty dry just like the burger bun. The girl at the bar wasn't especially nice either.", 'Great pub, visiting from Scotland for the week to see some friends and have came to this bar multiple times. Really good atmosphere and the staff are very polite and helpful, there were 2 Irish barmen from Cork who were particularly accommodating. Highly recommend.', 'Great pup to watch sporting events.  Their decor is great too.  Feels like you are in a church.\nWe went to watch the F1 Brazil race and they promised to put it on and they did.  Wings and drinks were good.  Amanda gave us excellent service as did the waitress before her but we didn’t get her name.  Table 30', 'Had a great time watching NFL Redzone with my boyz - special thanks to Amanda for making us feel right at home!', "Fantastic food, service and atmosphere. An absolute gem and must visit!! Special thanks to the lovely Irish girl with brunette hair (didn't get your name but thanked you personally for your service before we left!) - an absolute angel who took the time to look after us so well. Thank you!!!", "This is the first bar we stopped at when we arrived in Barcelona. It wasn't too crowded, has a very chill vibe, and the bartender Tom was awesome. Tom made the experience badass because he was very welcoming and informative. He suggested some amazing restaurants, as well as fun places to visit in and around Barcelona. It's definitely one of my favorite bars in Barcelona! Stop by, have some whiskey, and say 'Hey' to Tom if you're in the area.", 'Best Irish pub in town. Owner has consoled me multiple times when crying for no justifiable reason in the bathroom. Ken chooses his staff well. Great atmosphere. Toilet always has loo roll.', "We ducked in here during a rainstorm to avoid getting soaked and we're really glad we did! After all it's true what they say: wherever you go around the world, you'll find an Irish pub.\n\nStop in, have a pint, watch some futbol and chat with the bartender (who's from Ireland, naturally). This is a great little spot in Barcelona.", 'Brilliant atmosphere. Fantastic staff . Very nice to us and put on rugby matches for us . Definitely worth a visit if you are in Barcelona. An Irish bar that really is an Irish bar', 'Arrived good and early for the rugby match and kept a seat free for one of our group who was arriving later due to work. Was told that she wasn\'t allowed in because it was "full".\n\n"There is an empty seat for me over there"\nBarman on a power trip: "We\'re full".\n"There are literally three seats right behind you so you are obviously not full"\nBarman on a power trip: "We\'re full".\n\nFirst and last time...', 'Best Guinness in Barcelona.\nDidn’t eat here so can’t rate the food.', 'Among hundreds and hundreds of bars and places that are mostly the same, this little bar is definitely the best. Staff is super friendly and take care that you obliterate yourself from alchohol nice and slowly. As soon as you start aproaching the bottom, waiter jumps in to the save.  Not only that, if you want live Irish music in the midst of Barcelona, this is your place. Gg guys, thank you.', 'Love the Atmosphere! And i love the pub quiz they do every thursday!! Eamon and George are the best bartenders! Try the cheese toasty', "It's a great pub location that offers more than just the normal pub menu. There is an item for everyone on the menu here.\nThe food was very well priced for the portion you got.\nEveryone in the group of 7 ordered something different, and we were all impressed with the food.\nI would recommend this place for sure.", 'Bar looks super cool, food is ok, nothing special. Cocktails are great.', 'OMG! That was a ride yesterday!!! 💃🕺🤟🍷 Guitar guy, Fabio, was insane. Staff did their best to facilitate all the orders quickly despite the fact that place was like super-crowded. Fair pricing 👍', 'Classy place to drink at.\nDecor reminds us of English empire.\nNice choice of beers with attractive price.', 'Friendly staff, placed a football match on TVs/projectors by our request, best nachos in town.', 'I will try to make a constructive comment here.\nI had this place rated 5 stars but I have to go down to 2 for now.\nThis is not anymore the old Wild Rover where we use to come since many years for any rugby game, and this is not anymore an Irish Pub either.\nOnly Estrella on tap, Guinness in bottle.\nWe\'ve lost the good old pub ambiance, the bar being kind of neat, with new (useless?) neon lights and sofa kind of stuff.\nRugby world cup opening game, only screening in Spanish (??) and no sound (not audible). We\'ve been explained that it\'s a local law keeping volume down, but come on guys, how do other pubs do then ? And how did wild rover use to do?\nIt\'s been such a let down for every single person in the pub who came yesterday to watch this big big game and obviously wanted to watch it with English comments and with sound ambiance.\nVery very long queue to order a beer.\nHeads up to the staff who clearly wants to do it\'s best and being very nice and took the time to speak and explain things, but new owners clearly got something wrong there and definitely needed a +2 yesterday at the counter.\nFood was quite good although not that cheap.\nLots of room for improvement then, and I understand that it\'s only "the beginning" but we\'re not gonna risk it next time and will surely go to another \'real\' Irish pub to find that special rugby game day ambiance, at least until the end of this World Cup. After the loss of Shenanigan\'s in Raval, that\'s another letdown for rugby fans in Barcelona city center.', 'After searching for a pub that would play the F1 live, we found The Wild Rover.\nThis is a bar that is totally dedicated to sport!\nWe settled at a table close to the VERY big screen and ordered some food and drinks. We had the Dip Nachos with Cheddar, Guacamole and Salsa plus the Pizza Margarita and the Mozzarella Sticks.\nThe food was good for pub food and was also hot and quick.\nThe staff also continued to take drink and food orders from our tables during the race (to save us heading to the bar) and we also saw them helping other customers who arrived late and had not secured a position yet with chairs, both gestures were nice to see.\nWould definitely recommend this sports bar, especially if wanting to see live sport while you’re abroad!', "Almost back to how it was before when the venue 'went through a phase' as a swanky shisha bar. Lovely staff finding their feet and a good Irish pub atmosphere. They do need to get Guinness back on tap again though as 6€ for a half pint of the black stuff from a bottle isn't really on now is it?!?", 'The Dublin bar is a great place to come . The staff are really friendly and welcoming they do a lot to make you feel at home  they are really chatty and it makes for an amazing atmosphere . Would definitely recommend coming to the Dublin bar if you are in Barcelona.  Felipe was the best Barman in Barcelona', 'Filipe is sort of like Triple H if he worked in a bar. He figuratively gave me a Pedigree with his immaculate service. Fantastic.', 'Been Irish,  we were excited to enter an Irish bar on holiday, but the bar man was lovely really quiet.  Cocktails were good.', 'Friendly, vibrant staff make you feel very welcome. Good atmosphere and the bartender gives value for money with the drinks. Deffo recommend, 10/10👍🏻', '10.50 EUR for a pint and a coke. The other Irish bar 5 minutes away was doing 2x beers for 5.95 EUR. Also weird vibes. Techno music playing during the football? Odd.', 'Arrived late to Barcelona and stayed close by. Was only delighted to find Cheers for a couple of late beers. Very nice staff and authentic irish bar abroad feel. Many thanks for your hospitality.', "Good place to drink some beers and watch football. There are two big screens. The bar doesn't reserve seats but usually is not so crowded. I watched there Villarreal vs Liverpool game and the bar became full at the end of the game. The staff is nice and friendly.\nOnly cons is that the Spanish bear is only bottled.", 'Arrived hours early to secure a table to watch the champions league final and was forced to move seats 5 minutes after the game started to accomodate “a larger group” and ended up being placed on chairs in the middle of the room', 'Dud not enjoy, Not at all like an Irish Pub. Poor vocalist. Indifferent service, No atmosphere. Pub long and narrow', 'I was there for the "clasico" match Madrid vs Barcelona. There was only one  - 1 - barman at the place. How\'s this possible? One barman for such an important match!? I heard people asking for food. The barman said no food was available. No personnel for such a date?  What shocked me the most is that when I tried to pay for my drink the barman said "it is impossible to pay here with cards", but right after the match finished, he pulled out the payment terminal for signal! I myself was counting for coins to get a drink. And I didn\'t even get my change back. For my own piece of mind, I preferred to try to enjoy the match then to get into an argument for some change. I heard also people struggling to make their payment because they didn\'t have cash, and even going out to search for an ATM after they were served in the middle of the match! There was no sign for this! They runed out of beer! I was served an Estrella on the same glass the barman served me a Heineken!  Something is really off with this place! Really off!!  The only thing I appreciate is that I was lucky to find a spot to watch the match on a dirty screen of a TV that clearly needed cleaning.  Again, something is really off with this place! I felt I was in a tavern at the Shire and even that I would get, but this...', "Had a great time watching Barcelona vs Manchester United but they had no Irish beer, no Guinness, no Murphy's so we drank German beer at an Irish pub.", 'Horrific service, bad food and high prices. I am never coming back here', 'A very classy Irish sports bar situated in the heart of Barcelona. The staff were very friendly and they put  my local football team match on the television with no questions asked. The price of drinks were very reasonable and they came with some complimentary popcorn. I hope the manger has a great holiday in Southampton 🎉', 'Strange representation of an Irish pub. Showing Fiji and Wales while Ireland played Holland live. Probably satisfies a different demographic. Students having fun and no harm but far removed from Irish hospitality.', "To busy and couldn't stand outside unless you was sat down  to hot inside", 'Fun place with nice staff and good entertainment.  We saw a Liverpool win and enjoyed two person band playing classic music from 70s, 80s. Good outdoor seating that was bustling.  One drawback was a disappointing Guinness. It was a good pour, but thin and bitter. I should have read the room and saw no ne else was drinking it.', 'Brutal', 'I not think words', 'Great ham charity event, enlivened with a multitude of live performances: Ángel Marín professional flamenco school, a very good rock band and a scandalous atmosphere for a good cause: for the benefit of AFANAS. Despite the heat, it was worth it', 'We were there this afternoon having a coffee, which by the way was very good, and a drink. There is a blonde camera girl, very nice, friendly and attentive. He took great care of us.', 'The food tasted like it was microwaved, the drinks were warm. The only good thing was one guy from the staff I think his name is Emet was very nice. The price for drinks a bit higher for Spain I don’t think we’re coming coming back', 'Lovely wee bar.....fantastic musician....lovely wee bar attendant.\nBar maid had a face like a slapped arse.....really didnt want customers it seemed. Screwed her eyes up when asked to make a cocktail. Music made the night 👏👏👏', '2hrs of buying drinks and barman removed only fan on us inside in 30degree plus heat to give to his friends as soon as they walked in. No AC and no windows where we were sat. Asked why and he said they were hot!!  Basically, tough s&/£. Seriously!!!   Had to leave immediately as temperature was unbearable. Nice for his mates by window with fan though. Would never go back.', "If you get a chance get to this bar .\nA fab pint of Guinness\nGreat staff.\nGive it a go I don't think you will be disappointed.", "Morrissey's Irish Pub in Malaga is a top spot for sports enthusiasts. Attended during the Rugby World Cup and the experience was memorable. An impressive beer selection with Delirium being my favorite. Multiple screens ensure a good view of the game. The ambiance is lively, patrons are amiable, and service is on spot and fast. Don't miss out on their delectable ribs. Highly recommended!", "At first seems like a nice bar in the city center. Ordered a sex on the beach cocktail. SHOCKED when I got the cocktail. You pay 7.50 for a glass of ice. When telling the young waiter. He literally says: well I don't make them, so I can't do anything. Better skip this place..", 'Went to Morrissey’s to watch the GAA coverage. Staff went out of their way to make not just us but the people around us happy. Food was very good. Best Nachos I’ve had', "Had a fun night watching champions league final and enjoying smth to eat and drink. There was one waiter who seemed he can wait us to leave, I don't know why tbh.", '"I had a very disappointing experience at this Bar .The barkeeper\'s behavior was extremely unprofessional. We were asked if we wanted to order drinks just 30 minutes before closing time, and 15 minutes later, he abruptly informed us it was the last round. When we politely requested more time or information about the closing time, he responded rudely and even threatened to call the police. This kind of treatment is unacceptable and leaves a negative impression on customers. I would advise others to be cautious when visiting this Bar.', 'Great location.\nPlenty of outside seating.\nStandard selection of local beers & one Belgian beer from the bottle.\nService was great from the waiter with the ill-fitting trousers.\nFootball was being shown on the screens.', 'Nice place to sit and watch the crowds in the city centre.  Reasonable prices, attentive service.', 'Ordered some wine and sparkling water for three, and apparently they closed 5 min later (did not warn us). Literally threw us out. Red haired girl was veryyyyyyy rude. Very unsatisfying.', "Really excellent bar serving an incredible variety of different beers, wines and spirits. Staff were attentive and knowledgeable, and a nice mix of Malaga locals and visitors in the clientele. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend, and will definitely be visiting again on our next trip to Malaga.", 'This is a fantastic deal at a short distance near Malaga\'s city center. Everything you could want is here. Décor and arrangement are fantastic. Their bartenders were more than happy to assist you in perusing the selection of drinks. I wholeheartedly endorse it for anybody searching for an alternative to a "tourist path" or just for a more tranquil experience.\nThe costs, in my opinion, were pretty fair considering the location and the options available. The standard drink is only 1.9€, whereas a triple J&B & cola costs 6€! Awesome!', 'A quiet evening spoilt by getting over charged by the bar staff. Beware as he charged us 90 Euro for a six euro bottle of CAVA with no receipts. Would suggest you give this place a miss.', 'Absolutely delighted with this great find in Malaga just a walk away from the centre.  Great selection of  EVERYTHING..  Superb decor and layout. Staff were all too pleased to help guide you through the catalogue of beverages on offer. I sincerely recommend to all looking for a break from the "tourist route", and in search of something more relaxed.\nI personally found the prices very reasonable for the surroundings and selection on offer. just 1.9€ for a small beer and 6€ a double J&B and coke! Great!', 'Best place to have a drink in Huelin, perfect service. This place was the turning point to buy an apartment five minutes from the bar!\n\nElreykari and Ullis!', 'Our favorit bar in Huelin. Always welcoming and small enough to give that friendly vibe when you go there. Also great Mojitos :)', 'Wonderful place with great atmosphere and service was excellent, thanks for one\nof the best evenings during whole holidays!!!', 'Wide selection of spirits at great prices in a small pub next to the beach. Trivia night on Thursday!', 'Worst place ever. No right to call itself an Irish bar when they employ nothing but rude, arrogant employees. The girl was arrogant and rude with zero people skills  just made us feel uncomfortable. It’s like customers are an inconvenience as we interrupt her chat with friends. Never again plus it was expensive. We visiting Monday 18th September at 15:30.', 'Came here for 2 beers and had to ask staff to clean table. We paid €3 for each small beer. At this price you would expect good toilets. The toilets are in a room with beer barrells and toilet was dirty. There was no toilet paper and no hand wash/soap I asked the waitress for both.\nYou would think by her attitude that this was not a service required to be provided. The waitress went next door and came back with a bowl of washing up liquid. I asked wbat the staff used to wash hands and she told me water...unbelievable avoid this place', 'Just awful rude staff over priced drinks not even sure it was alcohol 10 euros for shot of vodka . I foolishly ordered a second thinking it was small measure. When bill came I was horrified when I questioned the staff told that is the price. Shame there was no menu. Pls be warned . Shameful they call them selves an Irish bar we would never rip our customers off', 'AVOID TOURIST TRAP!! No prices on any drink. Payed €60 for four regular drinks. Rude staff and toilet is in the stock room. Much better places around in the city.', 'Excellent irish breakfast and friendly staff, would highly recommend 👌', 'Decent food. Would be better if they had paper straws instead of plastic ones.', 'Chino Chinese & Tudor rose has great food.', 'Proper breakfast, great staff, suntrap 😍', 'Nothing Irish about the place other than the name but nice spot in a great location', 'Good beer', 'Awful', "Last night we were a group of friends sitting on the terrace, the treatment and attention from the waitress was excellent. We ordered, among other things, two glasses of Martin Miller's, as soon as they arrived at the table, just by smelling them we realized that it was not Martin Miller's, and when we tasted it we noticed that it was very strong. We told the waitress that this is not what we ordered and she brings us the bottle so we can see it to say yes. In conclusion, they laugh at the client, play with their health, paying €16 for two jug glasses, as is the case.", 'What made this place was the people we met within. One female celtic and her husband, a rangers fan. As I said to him " not  really his fault, I blame his family" lol. All the same, I hope they know what this meet meant to me and my wife. Emotional and instructive. A real reason to look within oneself. Thank you.', 'Great pub with a friendly local atmosphere and amazing staff.\nI went in multiple times alone, great for a game of pool to meet people or play some darts.', 'Great for the football in central Malaga. Inside and outside areas. The bartenders and managers are great. Friendly, speak English and helpful. Snooker table, dartboard and the pub is based of course on the Peaky Blinders. Try it!', 'I initially thought it’d be corny with the Peaky Blinders theme, but there is a nice vibe here — pool, sport, friendly people and waiters. Also the Hop House 13 genuinely tastes better than a lot of pubs in Ireland!', 'Great place for live football. Competitive prices and very friendly staff.', 'The pup is good, the place is very cool, the drinks are at reasonable prices and the atmosphere is not bad.', 'Spacious clean place and excellent treatment. Variety of drinks, GIANT SCREENS TO WATCH SPORTS.\nA 10...', 'The waiter is very friendly, respectful and handsome and has magnificent hair as well as being very noble, there is no better bar there!', 'not an irish bar at all when it comes to Atmosphere. no music, drinks took a while, staff are standing outside beside our table having conversations so loudly, really rude & unapproachable', "Friendly staff, good variety of drinks, smoker/vaper friendly with shishas, bar games, and great atmosphere! The only downside is pricing which is a bit high for pints, but besides that, it's a great place.", 'They have specially high tourist prices, be careful! And the terasse is closing earlier, they are not informing but suddenly pushing you inside even there is not space anymore😄 ridiculous! The ‘Manager’, how she called herself, was pretty rude and didn’t understand why we are mad to stand with a bunch of drinks and a hookah in the middle of the bar without getting a place after we paid double price for everything…', 'Fake price cocktail on new year, only filled with ice without alcohol..!\nBut cute bartender', "Honestly, it has been the best treatment I have received in my entire life, my two friends and I are very happy. I don't give it 10 stars because there aren't any. Very good food and perfect price.\nSuper recommended, they deserve it all.", 'Very good attention from both the waiter and the cook as well as the owner, homemade food, it feels like home, if we return to Malaga we will repeat, a pleasure.', 'Typical neighborhood bar, a very nice welcome for foreigners, super affordable prices and adorable owners, I highly recommend for anyone who wants to blend in here :)', 'We went to Malaga for a few days as a group of 5, and we were lucky that the apartment was in front of this place. The treatment from the first day was impeccable, kindness, professionalism and always a smile for the client. The food was very good, much cheaper than most places around (it is 10-15 minutes from the city center, perfect location). Portions with good quantity and tasty food, you can tell that it is homemade. Very grateful to all the staff and especially to Antonio, who always attended to us in a friendly, professional and very efficient way. We will return to Malaga, we loved the city, and we will definitely return to this establishment.', "Good atmosphere to watch the formula one race. They have a lot of screens throughout the cafe and will sent out what is most asked for in that room (the cafe is kinda divided in sub rooms). When we where there there was the race and an important football game and they had both on diverse screens.\nThey don't serve food but you are allowed to bring your own and drink are available to order at the bar.", 'Had a great time with the wife Martha here. There was a young man, Michael I believe his name was, had quite the colourful hair. Made my dear Martha nervous at first but he was so nice and helpful he put us both right at ease. He even helped me find my dentures which I misplaced and forgotten in the bathroom. Great and helpful staff and grateful for such a wonderful experience. I almost love it as much as my wife.', 'Great place to go for drinks, football or dancing. Bartender Ishaan makes the best cocktails and its all super reasonably priced! Definitely recommend for a fun lively atmosphere and very friendly staff :)', "St. Patrick's is so much fun! My friends and I go there all the time to hang out for the night. All of the people who work there are super nice and helpful, especially, Haro and Michael. They are both really outgoing and answer all of my questions! Definitely recommend going to St. Patrick's.", 'In the bustling St. Patrick\'s pub in Valencia, I, a tall Serbian man, walked in with an air of curiosity. The sights and sounds were so different from my homeland, and the Irish spirit was infectious.\n\nI ordered a pint of Guinness, and the bartender, Barbara, served it up with a twinkle in her eye. I asked her for a taste of something uniquely Irish, and she handed me a plate of shepherd\'s pie, saying, "It\'s the taste of the Emerald Isle."\n\nAs I savored the dish, a group of lively locals started a spirited Irish dance in the middle of the pub. Without missing a beat, Barbara handed me a pair of leprechaun-sized dance shoes and said, "Join the fun, laddie!"\n\nI may have been tall, but I tried my best to dance like a leprechaun. The whole pub erupted in laughter, and even I couldn\'t help but chuckle at my own absurdity. In that moment, I realized that in this St. Patrick\'s pub in Valencia, it didn\'t matter where you came from; everyone was Irish for the day, and the laughter was universal.', 'Watched the football here last weekend, the food was outstanding the atmosphere was electric. Barbara was very friendly and seemed to be an extremely efficient and effective worker, the like of which I’ve never seen. All in all one of the greatest days of my life. Thank you scholars !', "Barbara's service at St. Patrick's Pub in Valencia was exceptional. Her warmth, efficiency, and local insights made my visit memorable. Cheers to a great experience!", 'Went to watch NRL State of Origin game and they put on a special burger/beer deal. Very tasty and efficient.  Beer nice and cold with a good price.', 'One of my favorite pub to see football matches in the heart of the city center. There are about 10 screens, so accomodate yourselves. Big matches will be on the main TV.\n\nIf you are not football fans, you can also enjoy the outdoor tables ☺️', "Decent pub, we went to watch the Irish rugby match. They had a big screen and a couple of smaller screens scattered throughout. We got a seat but a good few people didn't. I would recommend to arrive early if you want a seat when there is a game on. The major plus here was that they sold bulmers, it was the only pub that I went to that sold it in the city. Food was served here although I didn't get any.", "Very 'Irish Pub' like, so quite enjoyable.  We didn't eat there as the meals seemed a tad expensive for what what was on offer.  The drinks were pretty expensive and the place was a bit noisy.   Several different screens had various football or rugby matches playing.  Overall, the place was nice, but didn't knock my socks off.", 'Thank you to Luisa and Nacho for accommodating my request on playing tennis that day and excellent hospitality.', 'NOT an IRISH  bar and NOT a sports bar, both which this bar clearly advertises itself under which is very misleading and needs to be addressed!!  Staff unable to access TV channels to facilitate watching the  Ireland  Rugby World cup game despite stating they would be showing the game when we enquired earlier in the day........However, in terms of food, service and place, all was fine', 'Burger was nice (BBQ Bacon Cheese) nachos were okay, very pricey for quality, also had a Guinness which was NOTHING compared to a real guinness! Very watered down, tasted like a larger, wine was disgusting, we also had a mojito that was filled with sugar and just tasted like juice, wouldn’t recommend.', 'Updated**\n\nBecame friends with local staff and vibe is better then ever. All it was before was a bad day for a staff member.\n\n🤜🏽🤛🏽\n\n———————\n\nI am local. Very great food, absolutely shocking service. Brought half a pint of Guinness and once I asked to fill to the top, server got frustrated and said that this is his colleague that did it 🙃 . Before that, 15 min wait (table outside). Went inside to order myself, 2 out of 3 servers are on the phone.\n\nOnce server brought the full pint, confronted with aggressive “is this ok now?”. Alrighty then 👌🏽 good opportunity to explore other places for a drink and food too.', 'Very nice ambience, with an excellent service.  I tried the beer Hop House.  Very nice a smooth lager.   Very nice place to go for a quick drinks or have a good finger food.  Recommended !!!', 'Very good place to have a few drinks, good music and very pleasant', 'A place to have some good beers, they have a lot of variety. The attention is excellent, and the place is nice.', '', '', "Sorry, didn't sample the food, as I was there to watch a Rugby match. Owners were busy busy busy, but still made time for everyone.  Surprisingly,  excellent Guinness,  and I count myself as an expert. Atmosphere was tremendous.", 'We went 2 times to this place - and now never again.\nFor first time, we took burgers - and it was absolutely awful, in fact - never tasted the beef worse than here. All of tables are really dirty - we changed 3 times and its always sticky and dirty.\nFor second time we had a reservation, but reserved table cannot be served without director - waiters do not know nothing about reservations. The director is really weird, unpolite and rude person - i see here that people expirienced the same with him, so we just left the bar.\nPersonally i never return to this bar. And its not really irish pub, but local cheap cerveceria.', 'Love this bar! Very friendly staff, good amount of alcohol and good pub food. A tiny UK in the middle of Valencia ❤️ definitely coming back!', 'Great welcome. Friendly professional service Best pint of guinness in Valencia! Great atmosphere for Ireland vs France\nBest barman Colin a Dub\nBest barlady Aisling from Sligo\nSpanish owner very welcoming', 'The atmosphere in the bar was very unique, stylish and comfortable to spend time in with all the environment quite clean and tidy. The cost of some alcohol drinks seemed way too expensive compared to their average price in Valencia, valuing at 9€ per cup. Furthermore, from entertainment offerings, the bar had nice pool and a football tables within it (which are paid apart per each game), which made our time in the bar very fun and enjoyable with friends.', 'We came here for some beers and our nachos in the evening, before going for a dinner later. The staff were very friendly, the inside layout was clean, cool and comfortable. The service was good, and they even gave us some complimentary chips while we waited on the nachos. Both plates of food were very tasty, and really good value! We would definitely come back here again - the background music was also spot on, really nice!', 'We had a great time here, one of the best mojitos we ever had, the staff is extremely nice and very very helpful! We were so happy with the service we came two night in a row. The place is close to the Hemisferic complex and close to many hotels. Perfect place to chill and have a drink, they have a lot of choices. They speak english and the place has affordable prices, in average between 20-30% lower we have seen in the city center of Valencia. Highly recommend!', 'Very friendly and welcoming staff. Tasty beer and cocktails always served with crisps or jellies or nuts. Great experience overall', 'Recently opened I think.\nThe Stella pint was not great.\nFood was ok, but more expensive than other local places and not as nice.\nStaff are good though and worth going to watch a game.', 'They really need to learn how to pull a pint of Guinness! Aside from that, it’s a nice bar with good standard bar food.', "Went in there to watch a Premier league game.\nWhen entering they said they would play the game. After the Valencia game ends they out music on, fine, it wasn't busy and people enjoyed the music.\nNot only did they not bother putting the game on (even with no sound) they didn't bother telling us.\nA waste of money and a typical example of a Spanish ownership only wanting to be an Irish pub purely to charge high prices.. not a great 1st impression tbh. Shame as it has potential", 'Excellent place, very good food, first class service.\nGreat selection of beers\nValencia needed it...!!!', 'A great place for a drink and good vibes. The staff is always amazing! They can get really crowded so keep that in mind and be kind', 'Nice place for a good beer and watch football', 'OK it was a Sunday night in mid November so not really busy. Both front and back doors where left open so it was very cold but good beer. I imagine a great spot in warmer months', 'Agree with other reviews that this is a copycat English/Irish bar selling German and Belgium beer. Having said that it had atmosphere and the pint of Pauleners I had was pretty good. You could worse if you want something of this genre.', 'Lovely staff, food amazing and tasty', "A great concert last Saturday, and it was free of charge!!! It's nice to have these activities back, let's have more!!", 'Great place to hang out with friends for a drink and snacks, no dinner, we had the opportunity to listen to a free concert', 'Great place! Real irish pub and excellent service.', 'Warm place but barmates are dont know speak english', 'Beer: Beer.\nPizza: Terrible. Burnt convenience food.\n\nWent to Burger King afterwards - yes, I was hungry. Also not recommended, to say the least.\n\nFour stars, because they were really friendly. My mistake thinking you can eat here.', 'I just took s coke but it seems a nice place', 'Fantastic atmosphere with great selection of beers and spirits, food is simple but tasty and prepared well. I love visiting this place for the friendly welcome and live events at weekends. It is a bit off the beaten track in a predominantly industrial area but very close to Mas Camerena Hotel and Apartamento Wellness. Highly recommended.', 'Awesome! Nice atmosphere, great drinks and amazing food!', 'Very cool place....top!!!', 'Very good', 'Brutal', "Is this the best place to relax here in manises ... and olso unique place have this vista like you are in the cloud 😃 👍👍👍👍 and very good food & trabajadores muy simpáticos y muy profesionales no son secos de nada 😛 I'm Mohamed from Egypt.", 'Good pub to have some drinks', "It's nice,  just prices are much higher than in other local bars.", 'Good place to have a draft beer or an excellent cocktail.', "just saw this bar as we were walking along, and called in for a cold one.\nSeveral different beers on tap, and fantastic rock music playing in the background.\nWe loved it here, although the staff don't speak English, nothing was a problem. From the great beers, wines, and really tasty tapas, there are so many reasons to call in here and have a great time.", 'This place is the best there is locally. Best beer. Best music and best people around. Its perfect for locals and tourists alike. Huge selection of beers and food.\n\nHighly recommended!', 'Lovely bar with good atmosphere would really recommend their nights where they have vintage sales and artists selling their art', 'If you want the feel of an Irish bar in Valencia, this one is authentically decorated, but with Spanish prices! Very nice place to have a drink or two.', 'Not open when they say they would!', "It is a cocktail bar, the truth is that it surprised me, the people are very correct and not scandalous. We ordered some San Francisco, and since they are young, quite young, they did not serve it correctly for what the 70's drink is, they did it their own way, wozka and gin and grenadine, it was good, the truth is that the girl wanted to change it, but it tasted bad and I drank it, 🌹🤭here's the recipe from San Francisco, in case someone in their sixties asks for it, 🌹\nSan Francisco is a non-alcoholic drink composed mainly of natural fruit juices. The recipe calls for orange juice, pineapple juice, lemon juice and grenadine.", 'We only drank but for the service, variety and atmosphere this Irish Pub in Burjassot is worth it, recommended', 'Well, we found this typical Irish bar and the truth is that it surprised us for good. Good atmosphere with people playing table football. The drinks at a good price. It is a good place to relax and have a drink.', 'Great bar,nice tapas,and laid back clientele, cool live music,and beer choice.', 'Great atmosphere, the most welcoming host and delicious food!', 'Fine Guinness for outside of Ireland', 'Awesome irish pub', '"Irish pub" that isn\'t open on a Sunday afternoon when football and rugby is on 😂', 'Only for watching Real Madrid, apparently.', 'Good tapas. Hot beer.', "Unpretentious pub, doesn't disappoint.", "Super chill, awesome owner, you feel like you're with friends immediately. Also lots of choices of brands of gin, whisky, and other liquor...and Foosball, I'll be back.", "I hadn't been there for years, but I loved the new touch that the owner has given it. Competitive prices.", 'Good place to have a table football and drinks at a good price', "It's a very chill pub with fantastic atmosphere", 'Best place ever for a nice, well-served paint of Guinness (or any other beer you prefer :-) ).\nOne of the few decades old pub that still allows you to listen to music, yet still be able to have a conversation. And they also have that same Celtic music live from time to time (ask there for updates).', 'Best bar in the city! This is a place for people who enjoy their drinks and want quality. The best shots, cocktails, and Guinness pour in Valencia all under one roof', "Great live music... St. Patrick's Weekend was awesome :)", "Guinness good but haven't experienced a good atmosphere outside of Saturday's after midnight.", 'Not an authentic Irish pub. Bar staff haven’t a clue how to pour a pint of Guinness properly. They will pour it straight from the tap and hand it to you. Avoid at all costs if you want a decent pint', "Doesn't exactly give a lot of 'Ireland', so it might not be the place for those looking for the authentic, Irish experience. But as a bar it's got great atmosphere, friendly staff, good food, sports on large screens and a good location.", "I will give it a 4 because it least had Guinness. That said it definitely wasn't a full glass, not sure if euro 4.90 is good value as never had Guinness in Spain before. No food until 8pm apparently, and then only pizza and Nacho's. I can imagine it's good with a crowd on a match day,  on a Thursday evening at 7pm it's mediocre at best. Cannot beat the real Irish pub in Ireland.", "Terrible, no guinness on tap only horrible cans that don't fill a pint glass and over €5 , they don't even warn you, I caught them pouring the can, sacrilegious, lovely little irish pub around the corner wicklow Arms.", 'Very friendly service\n\nGood and imaginative selection of bar snacks.\n\nGreat prices.', 'Nice atmosphere. Good beer and food', 'It really feels Irish... The closest in the area, anyway. Cozy and familiar. Basque🍺Irish.', 'Great guineess!', "Charming Irish-themed pub with creaky wooden floorboards. Good quiet background music. Murphy's on draught. Pinchos and pastries on the counter.", 'Terraceo....', 'Spectacular Irish coffee in 3 different textures....\nFrom bottom to top\nHot: Whiskey\nTempered Coffee\nCold Whipped cream\nI have never tasted a coffee so good and so delicate for the most exquisite palates. A 10 for the waiter.', 'Great place to have a coffee. Nice atmosphere, fast and attentive service. Creamy coffee with a small pastry and a very good omelette.', 'Ok', 'Amazing', 'Ok', "Very nice place to spend some time with your friends.\nVariety of skewers. Pets allowed.\n\nOso leku atsegina da lagunekin tarte bat pasatzeko.\nPintxo barietatea. Maskotak onartzen dituzte\n\nTaste of Mexico in Sestao, come to the Harley Irish Tavren and you can taste some delicious burritos or fajitas on Friday and Saturday nights (dinner).\nToday you can also watch the game on one of the televisions that the venue has, in a pleasant atmosphere. Soccer matches can always be seen, not just today.\nThe dinner offering is not limited to just burritos and fajitas, but I wanted to highlight these dishes. The hamburgers they prepare look very good, but I can't say more because I haven't tried them.\nOne of my favorite skewers is the zucchini stuffed with crab.\n\nTaste of Mexico in Sestao, come to the Harley Irish Tavren and you can savor some delicious burritos or fajitas on Friday and Saturday nights (dinners).\nToday you can also watch the game on one of the televisions that the venue has, in a pleasant atmosphere. Soccer matches can always be seen, not just today.\nThe dinner offering is not limited to just burritos and fajitas, but I wanted to highlight these dishes. The hamburgers they prepare look very good, but I can't say more because I haven't tried them.\nOne of my favorite skewers is the zucchini stuffed with crab\n\nMexikoko zaporea Sestaon, hurbil zaitez Harley Irish Tavren-era eta burrito edo fajita goxoak dastatu ahal izango dituzu ostiral eta larunbat gauetan (afariak).", "Made a reservation to watch the six Nations with my Irish partner and friends, unfortunately the host forgot to write it down and we couldn't enjoy our lunch while watching some good rugby. Very disappointing as we were curious on the Irish culture abroad and try a nice pint of Guinness!", 'Very nice lady behind the counter, speaks good English and very helpful , the pub is how you would expect it to look like with plenty of dark wood with a lovely feel to it , not a big selection of main meals but definitely worth a visit.', 'This is a large pub in Algorta in the "Irish Export" style of dark wood and fake adverts. Notwithstanding this the pub provides a very decent pint of Guinness as well as Paulaner and other beers. They have a good menu and there are 9 tables outside.', 'Friendly welcoming place, good selection of food, coffee ☕ very drinkable...a nice spot for a light lunch time bite', 'Not good pizza. Nice atmosphere.', 'A fantastic Irish pub, nice beers.', 'Amazing place, different style', 'Great Irish pub', "Any bar, don't even think about asking for a coke, it's terrible, not very clean, quite neglected, I've stopped going.", "New management, it's not called that anymore, it's called La tavern de Lucifer. Good service", 'The new management has included a variety of local beers.', "There is new management and I think they give meals, for now I don't know more, just have a zurito", 'The best smoothies and cocktails in all of Barakaldo. But the best thing without a doubt, the owners, they are charming!!', 'I tried the Piña Colada cocktail and I thought it was spectacular, especially considering its good price. Also, the couple who runs the bar is very nice. Recommended to return.', 'A good place to have a cocktail before or after dinner. We tried almost all the mojitos and the pina colada and everything was very good.\nWe will be back!', "Great, drinks, ambient music and the best of Oihane's attention, brutal how he put us through it", 'Nice ambience. Seemed like the place where locals would normally go to. Weekdays can be quiet but still cozy', 'Not all the bar staff know how to serve a Guinness well although they do try their best', 'Spanish Irish pub that has reasonable Guinness and live music... but a half a larger can be a bit steep', 'Good pint of Guinness! Great pub food. Worth the walk from town centre', 'Really friendly staff, great drink and all round nice experience!', 'Beware! All coffee costs 2€. Expresso or Latte, no difference. I am from Bilbao, and this is auspiciously unusual and HYPER expensive.', "Good Guinness, but the bar man tried to short change us. Said our card didn't work. Then gave us Change for 10 euros instead of 20. BEWARE!!!!", "I used to like this bar. Now the staff are so unfriendly, especially if you're on the terrace when they're about to close it.", 'great place to watch and enjoy live performances mostly spanish songs.', 'Great place for a pint of beer and light tapas', 'Best pub in town', 'Top 👍', 'Great vibe and the bar lady was so friendly and welcoming, highly recommend.', 'The best cocktail bar in Bilbao with the best service. Here you are served with a smile and the girls behind the bar work very hard to keep everything under control so you can feel nice and well taken care of.\nWe highly recommend this bar.', '* Nice Place\n* Drinks, Cocktails Varieties', 'Better and superb', 'Great attention to the public.\nKindness and dedication.\nYour daily cover is a detail...\nAnd their pintxos are very delicious.\nA classic.', 'Well-kept, pleasant and clean-looking place. Great variety of skewer care and correct treatment. Also with covered outdoor terrace.\n\nThe only downside: the doors were open and the temperature inside was not even warm.', 'They always serve you well, and she. Pinchuleta😋, better go try it', 'They are very nice! They serve and cook wonderfully. On Thursdays they serve a very delicious txuleta pintxo. The place is cozy and they also have a covered terrace. It is understandable that there are always people, to have been there for so many years you have to do it well.', 'Good value for money menu. Thursday live music', 'The attention of the staff is impeccable, the food is not delicious, the following, good price for a Sunday and the place is always clean. Totally recommended.', 'Excellent food and very good service. A very nice place. Recommended', 'Good atmosphere and very good beer.', "The best cocktails, coffees, tapas... If excellence in hospitality exists, I just met it. Thank's.", 'Number one!', 'Good atmosphere, better service and quality cocktails.\nWithout a doubt, to repeat.', "A good place to have some cocktails at a very good price, very competitive.\nThey have a lot of drinks to choose from, which range from €4-€6.\nWe ordered mojitos, I didn't quite convince myself of the normal one but the flavor was delicious. For the price it's not bad at all.\nIt is a small bar with a small terrace.\nThe attention was very nice. We will repeat.", 'Nipped in for a quick drink whilst looking for a pub to watch Athletic Bilbao. Goid atmosphere.', "One of the best cubatas I've had in Bilbao.\nGood music and exquisite treatment.", 'Beers from the Amstel group very well drawn in the glass. It is the first time that an Amstel Oro has been served to me so well. The waiter is professional and pleasant. They put a lid of nuts with the consumption.\nTo repeat.\nThere are darts inside the premises and good music.\nGood terrace and low traffic.', 'A charming bar where you can play a game of darts, watch a game or have a drink quietly and with unbeatable customer service. Furthermore, it is one of the bars with the best messes in Bilbo ;)', 'Nice atmosphere, with good music. Friendly and professional staff. Regular Guiness. Home-made taste. Amazing deserts. Good quality-price relation. 100% recommended', "Ɓest Mexican food I've eaten in Europe...at an Irish pub of all places!", 'Amazing food all home made, great atmosphere, great food and wine pairings and to top it off, friendly staff and fantastic service. We’ll be back!', "Amazing, authentic Mexican food. The enchiladas with molé are the best I've ever had. Friendly, fast service. I will be back!", 'Happy Drink', 'Very correct and close attention from the waiter, he never lacks a smile or a good gesture with his customers.\n\nPremium drinks prepared and served with care, sometimes even with some snacks.\n\nVery comfortable to have a drink both inside and on the terrace if the weather is good.\n\nTo repeat whenever possible.', "The attention is great and the 80tera music is very good. I liked the drinks, maybe a little expensive but it's worth it. The place is somewhat small, my advice would be to expand, there are only two tables outside to sit, it is necessary to improve. If you come to Bilbao it is a place you must visit ❤️🌈", "I have been there at night and it was very good, nothing to see. But one afternoon at a party in Barakaldo, there were 10 of us and the girl at the bar told us that we could only occupy one table, when they were all empty, it gave the impression of having a bad day. We ordered cubas and some iced coffee, certainly poorly prepared, they even put milk in the iced coffee. Given the girl's character and manners, we preferred not to say anything to her, we did not complain, after a while she arrived at the table and began to collect everything without having finished and without saying a word, in a very bad manner, we will not return, that is sure.", 'Great local bar, good for practicing your Spanish.', "I already knew that in Bilbao Gin Tonic is something of a cult, what I didn't expect is the level of this very special bar in the heart of Deusto. More than 100 different gins in stock, 40 on top of a bar that looks splendid with oysters, shrimp, crabs, tortillas and the classic pintxos of bonito, salmon and boiled egg from Bilbao.\nWhat a joy of service and what level of professionalism, I will return soon.", 'Well, the classic place, small and elegant, but expensive. They call the Sandwiches special.....For €2.60 they can already be special, although not because of their size, they have 2 bites and they do arrive. The 1906 Beer that I drank was brought out hot and for €3.50 it could have already been cold.\nAll very expensive so it is very possible not to repeat', "A traditional bar, with its decoration you are transported back to the 70s. We only had breakfast. The delicious coffee and the good service. I don't give it 5 stars because we only had breakfast. If it had been a larger or a little longer drink, I'm sure he would get the 5", 'We spent Friday night here for a celebration and raffle for a trip to Greece and it was AMAZING! We had free drinks and free food all night! A must see and must go! The workers and owner are amazing! Love, love, love!', "Karioke night was great!! Don't know about the food because we didn't eat there.", 'A small, but decent, bar. Friendly staff, good atmosphere, but very noisy. Not the place to go on a Friday night if you wish to converse.', 'Quiet place for an early mornin café.', "Most authentic Irish pub outside of Ireland, and I've seen a few. Great for catching a Liverpool game.", 'Today we went to Bull McCabes to enjoy a traditional Sunday Roast. It was served hot, tasty and delicious with fast, friendly service. We could not ask for more.', 'I love this pub! It opens late, has a whole array of beers both from bottles and from a tap, including guinness. And you can play darts, and mini football. The decor is also very nice and authentic. 👍👍👍', 'Great place. Kinda loudy to be able to speak with your pals but good to be honest. Main floor has rock/pachangeo. Downstairs electronic music and less crowded which is my preference xD', 'Lovely atmosphere, if you want to grab a good beer and watch football games this is the perfect place in Zaragoza. They have a variety of beers to choose from. Tried the IPA and loved it. Decent prices and very good location facing the historic walls', "As an Irish-American I have made it a tradition to visit an Irish pub in every city I visit, if possible.  I was excited to find Gallagher tucked away in a corner just off of the the Plaza del Pilar.  I wouldn't have expected it so close to such a monument, but was pleasantly surprised as it wasn't too busy.  I ordered a Guinness and a Gallagher sandwich, as it is their signature sandwich.\nGreat deal on a massive sandwich at only €4.50 and the Guinness wasn't expensive either.  This is a really neat little Irish pub tucked away in an odd spot that is super close to the Plaza del Pilar, it felt like a hidden gem.  Where most of the restaurants and bars that are within 100m of the Plaza are always busy this was in an odd dead end alley and fairly quiet.  Quality food, good service, and a great atmosphere.", 'Pretty legit Irish pub tucked away behind the plaza fountain. Friendly service and monster-sized sandwich was delicious.', "Says open and it's not\nWanted watch F1 here", 'I visited on a Thursday for drinks and forró dancing. Good service, good prices.', 'Nice decorated place and bar lady was really nice, great  place to have one for the road', 'The best irish pub in Zgz! (Together with Dan O Haras)\nBrilliant atmosphere and staff!\nGreat management.\nAnd dont forget the food!! 👍👍👍', 'The best Guinness is here!', 'In few words • Typical Irish Pub, low lights, sports and beer. The staff is friendly and fast. Expensive place, like all imported beer places. And the Guinness is real Guinness!\n\nI come here often to have 1 or 2 paints of Guinness or Murphys.', 'Lovely air conditioned bar, friendly barman, nice pint of Guinness', 'Irish bartender was pretty rude. Scoffed at drink orders and had a really bad attitude during my whole visit.', 'Fun night out', 'Small but pleasant place, good music and a great terrace without much noise, although it may not seem like it in the area. The fact that you have consumed minimum to pay by card limits access a little, but otherwise it is great.', 'Very good drinks and a very good atmosphere. We have been around for many years and it never disappoints.\nKeep going like this.', 'Ideal place to have a drink.', 'A place to repeat, spectacular drinks and first-class service.\nWe will return again and again.', 'wow! a big pleasure to have a draft Chouffe in Spain!', 'Homely English style pub in Zaragoza. Friendly staff. Clean, with music after 8pm. Drinks prices fair. Double vodka coke 6 euro, coke 2 euro. Toilets clean. Pleasant ambience.', 'My favourite bar in Zaragoza. Tremendous ales and helpful staff. Highly recommended!', 'Great property English boozer', 'Spectacular, good music, the best alcohols and professional service!!!', '', '', "As soon as I went to the bathroom and saw that it was dirty and full of filth, I realized that dinner was going to be accordingly. We ordered a sandwich, 2 combined dishes (which took half an hour to make) and a Chinese salad, the only Chinese salad it had were some transparent strips (I don't know what they were).\nNot recommended.", 'Very friendly staff and normal price. The tapas are good and at a good price', 'For the attention, price and small details that make this bar great, I recommend it', 'A great family atmosphere, very good treatment of the waiters.\n\nI will go many more times.', "In few words • Biased opinion because this is my Rugby Team (Ibero R.C) pub. We come here to drink and dance every match day. So I really like it :)\n\nOtherwise I can tell there are plenty of different beers, sport screening and plenty of space to sit or stand or dance. You've got as well, darts and futbolín.\n\nThe downside is that the music is very loud after certain hour and it transforms from Pub into Disco style. So if you are planning to talk around a pint be aware of late hours. The good thing is that it will stay open until 3 am usually (Saturdays even more)", 'Great bar! Bartender was very good and was okay with playing music my friends and I requested, to a point. lol Cheap drinks, good atmosphere. Nice local pub.', 'As always, great bar for a drink at  a night out or for a coffee or selection or teas in the afternoon.', 'No food, great selection of beers though, good place to catch a soccer game', 'A very cozy place, its plants that give freshness, its fountain and correct lighting are very well set up.\nIt is very good both for dinner and for a relaxed drink.\nThe deal of 10.', "Brilliant. I don't give it more stars because there aren't any", 'Incredible! It is a beautiful place, unbeatable treatment and great prices. Super recommended. We will return whenever we can!', 'Great food and service but the atmosphere and the staff that serve you is unbeatable.\nThanks for everything Susana and Maxi', 'BEST place ever', 'Nice place', '', 'Recommended pub in Las Delicias, good atmosphere and excellent service, better beer. To highlight the friendliness and good work of the waiter, out of 10, highly recommended', 'Interesting atmosphere with good wheat beer. Prices are reasonable.', "Decent selection of beers, plenty of screens to watch live sport if that's your thing.", 'Good for drinking a beer and watch some Football', 'Al McLarens!', 'Nice', 'Heavy metal!!!!!!', 'Good atmosphere, good music. And the professional waiter Pedro makes you feel comfortable. I go a lot', "I celebrated my mother's baptism two weekends ago. Everything spectacular, the banquet, the music. Everything you expect from a modern Evangelical Pub.", 'Lovely late night bar ,friendly atmosphere 👌', 'Africa as it was under colonial rule. Good vibe. The Nordes Gin & Tonic is as good as you can get. No pinxtos or food though.', "It's a nice place to watch sports. The beer is a little too expensive, but the atmosphere is great.", "Really nice place and the staff are friendly but it's too expensive.  Over 7 euros for a whisky.", 'Brutal', 'Great atmosphere', 'One of the best bars in Zaragoza and the best in Utebo 100% recommended\nA place that you have to be very entertaining', 'The only remaining pub in Utebo that I know of. Good atmosphere, wooden decoration and current varied music.', 'Good classic cocktails for 8.5€', 'Gin Tonic', "They don't have reference beer. The only one they have is brown amber and they pour it as if it were cider. There you...", 'Pleasant atmosphere to have drinks, well served.', 'A place not to return. As soon as we entered, we asked for a bucket but we didn\'t have a table and no money and they kicked us out. We asked for a claim form and they grabbed us, pushed us and threw us into the street. They say that "we just come to f*ck." Terrible treatment. I do not recommend to ANYONE', "I'm going with my partner. Upon entering we were treated well. We sat at a high table with two stools. The music is Latin and the DJ varies it. The place is small and with little dance floor.\nBut when we had been there for about 25-30 minutes and had finished the first round, a waiter (I suppose the manager) comes to us and tells us that he is going to take our table (!!!), come on, he will kick us out, he will throw us out. table are for cubes (many people at tables that do not have cubes). And he brings a group of 3 girls who stand next to us. He doesn't even ask if we want to drink anything else. Regrettable.\nObviously we left not to return.", 'A great atmosphere and the best cocktails', 'It is my favorite bar Mr. I feel like I am at home and with harmony and good treatment. It is what is worth the treatment of the owner. I will not change that bar for another place.', 'The best Irish Pub in Murcia.', "Don't expect to go here and have a good time 🙄", 'Lively pub in Zigzag centre with an English meeting on Fridays. Can get noisy.', 'Very nice place and good location.', 'Great bar dog friendly', 'Nice pub had a good night in here.', 'Good for s drink but expensive', 'Nice place', 'Food v nice. Staff efficient.  Situation good. 2 stag/hen groups there so quite rowdy', 'Excellent tapas.', 'Cubatas a 4€!!!!', 'Fifty fifty', 'A place to enjoy and always have a good time, always good people, great owners, fantastic service, one of the best places in Murcia for beers and good drinks.', 'A bar where you feel comfortable and with family, good music and good treatment from its owners, Toto and his wife, of which there are no longer left.', "Small, family-friendly place, good drinks, diverse customers, good music and when there's football, well, football.", 'The best of Murcia. Rock and beer and drinks And good vibes. you always make friends', 'We went in around 12.30am after Sting concert. Only one girl working but she did a great job in serving a thirsty post-concert crowd. Very fair prices.', 'Check it out. Great atmosphere and great customer service.', 'Nice bar in the center of Murcia where you can have a drink or beer in a pleasant atmosphere. There are tables both inside and on the terrace.', 'A place for beers and cubatas with a good atmosphere and pints at a reasonable price for the area in which it is located. Keep in mind that most tables are high. You also have the bar option.\n\nIt is not usually crowded during the week, it is very quiet and with a pleasant decoration to the eye.\n\nThey serve you at the table and are usually attentive.', "Food here is always spot on. Ate here twice. Fish and chips, steak and ale pie both lovely. Drinks are reasonable. About €33 for 2 mains and 4 cokes. Can't argue. 💜", 'Do you miss England? This is your place. Do you want to experience an English pub? This is your place too since all the customers and servers are English too.I just went for drinks: Guinness and John Smith. Service was great. The food I saw looked amazing and homemade.', "We went on a Sunday night and there was a turn on who was a good singer, played some good songs and had a bit of banter with the punters. Then they had karaoke on which was a bit of fun, wasn't taken too seriously. Decent prices (for the area) on drinks and measures pretty good on spirits. Definitely go again if we come back to Magaluf next year.", 'Best live music place in magaluf and around. Most places advert as live music every night but this pub does. Great vibe and staff. Never seen before staff playing excellent music( violin) and later just behind the bar. Always a warm welcome here. Good place for people above certain age to have a great night out.', 'Has been renovated and under new management! Fabulous place to have a drink (fair prices) and chill...good music....! For beer lovers, they offer at least 20 different beer brands from all over Europe!', 'One of the best places in Palma to have some drinks,  listening good music and with a really good ambiance.  Toni, the owner, is so good and all the drinks are high quality... what else?', 'Irish pub, quite 👌 nice', 'Really cozy place with very good ambient music and a wide variety of national and international beers.\n\nUnbeatable attention from Toni who always has a kind word, patience and education that makes you feel at home.\n\nIn the best place in Coll and Ciudad Jardín.', 'Very nice place to sit and eat\nFood is very good and music is more rock then hardrock café', 'Tasty beer, friendly personnel. But the kitchen a little bit simple. Despite the fact, good place to drink.', 'A pub with good live music and good beers.\nService was Amazing, Inaki served us the whole time. He was always in a good mood, very helpful, always had a smile on his face. He gave us very good information about Mallorca. We came as strangers and left as friends. I am very grateful for a wonderful evening.', 'The best place to have a good time. I went on a Saturday night, the live music started at about 11.30PM and it was 🔥. Best rock/live music experience ever. Crowd is a mix of tourists and locals.', 'In all honesty, as a Scottish person, this place is amazing, Warren and\nKath, are the most sincere people for a Scottish pub in Spain, nevermind Magulaf, the hospitality is amazing and the people are so welcoming, the drink is cheap and the atmosphere is... well Scottish, highly recommend for a few nights in the town, beach is 5 mins away. Definitely worth the time for Scottish folk and "tourists".', 'Such a great location and great people! We’re so happy to have found this pub on the second day of our vacation, been here every day since! Lovely atmosphere. If we’re coming back to Magaluf this is definitely going to be our go to location! Lots of love to you guys 🥰', 'Amazing place with a lovely atmosphere. Felt very welcome and at home. Both couples that run it are lovely.', 'Love this place! Great vibes and amazing hosts. Thank you Warren & Kath 😃', 'We came here to see football game and to of course to have a couple of Guinness pints.\nWe ordered American burger which wasn’t that good (not home made) and enchiladas which wasn’t that good as well.\nThe portions are so big (we didn’t finish our food) and the prices are very fair.\nThe staff were very nice and welcoming (but that’s the case in the places we visited in Spain; I love those people)', 'We had an amazing Lennox house cocktail and aperol spritz, both of them were well prepared. The service was fast and pleasant. Nice terrace in the heart of Palma.', "It looked nice if a bit sterile on arrival. We didn't stay so we can't give it star ratings. The reason we didn't stay was a bottle of larger was €5 and another bar close by that also showed the football charged €2.80", 'I really enjoyed my time here. Immediately as we entered we were greeted by friendly staff. The service was really quick, the girl on her first day there was super nice. The Guinness was great as well as the food. We definitely enjoyed our stay and will come again.', 'very friendly bar, great people, spent a week in there 2 years running roll on next year.', 'Staff are very welcoming and food and drinks were fantastic', 'Cracking Bar, the staff are always really friendly and helpful\n\nThe atmosphere is always lively too', 'Lovely little pub tucked away in a corner, great friendly atmosphere and live music some evenings. As a Somerset boy, the cider selection is poor but that is the same everywhere in the area due to price rises, but there are some nice bottled beers and good selection of wines, spirits and cocktails. Prices are reasonable. Rest assured you will feel very welcome...And there is a pool table. :)', 'Love it nice place to be!', 'A MUST on Malle 😍😊\n\nTop pub with super nice service and great guests 💪\n\nThe Kölsch and the meatball were super tasty 😍\U0001faf6👍👍👍🤗🤤\n\nThank you very much for a great, fun afternoon.', 'Best Kolsch pub on the island! BigRon and Simone is a must! Live Colonia!', "Cult pub on Malle and a must for every FC fan. Good Kölsch and a good atmosphere. However, a well-filled lid isn't cheap either... great for watching football 👍", 'Good bar, went there to watch the football had a great night, service and drinks were good.', 'Fabulous bar mega cold  Guinness and strongbow on draft🥳 fabulous for watching sport pool table and dart  board the PNG the place to be', 'Friendly english run bar,pool quiz nights all sports on screens,great place run by lovely ppl', 'Lovey bar in a great location. Staff are extremely friendly and welcoming. Drinks are cheap with very generous pours. Thought we would only end up having one drink and moving on but we kept finding ourselves being drawn back night after night and despite it being an English bar it has some of the best Guinness I’ve ever had abroad. Be sure to ask about “splitting the G” if you want a good time 😉', 'Sindis..is now called Shelbys, and it has had a serious upgrade.  Great atmosphere,  lots of Sports TVs, very fair and reasonable prices. Was here the day Liverpool  beat Manchester United 7 - 0...Loved it.', 'One of the best pints of Guinness outside Ireland', 'Unattentive staff, had to wait to pay for 10 minutes. Nice location to meet people from all over the world, good atmosphere, food is good and quickly served, proper pub food. They called me a taxi after I waited five more minutes without being noticed.\nGood place to go to for sport watching - if you have time and patience 😉', 'The very best empanadas with meat and raisins in town, very hard to find on Mallorca!\nFor reservations they are very responsive, even respond via WhatsApp. 👍👍', 'Amazing place, owner is an a great person. Had a great conversation about football even though we support different clubs he we agreed on everything about football! The breakfast is perfect especially the tattie scone we’ve all ordered extra. I would recommend this place to everyone who’s visiting Palma Nova', "Brilliant bar, great food and drinks.\nWe have been going there since we 1st went to Palmanova in about 2000 which was a couple of years after they opened.  It's still the same great bar, and the owners are chatty and friendly. Oh, and the Guinness is top-notch.", 'Best place to be great breakfast great friends place staff are brilliant...', 'Good view of the beach. Nice food we visited a couple of times for breakfast and lunch. The Cajun chicken wrap was amazing! One of the woman who served us was a bit door faced mind you and put us off going back. She came across quite rude. Not sure if it was just us but by the looks of the reviews from other travellers it maybe isn’t us that’s the problem. No manners whatsoever. The Scottish guy Steve was lovely and the other girl with dark hair was lovely too. We would walk by to see if that member of staff was in working, if she we wouldn’t go in and head somewhere else.', "Busy. Buzzy. Place. Called inform a drink. Lucky to get a seat. Bustling  bar.\nOwner there keeping  an eye on his team and customers. Great to see many locals here always a good sign. Had 2 drinks here as we were trying  out some places in this area. Don't let the big sign  Heineken fool you they do not serve it on tap!  Musical  instruments hanging from ceiling. Quiet a dark bar. Busy outside area off main road.", 'Great music and good range of drinks.', 'The security guys on the doors of Molly Malone  need a good kick up the hole. Turning people away from the premises by saying it full when truly isn’t full with only a few people inside surly isn’t good for business. I think the owners of Molly Malone need to review there security doorman and why they turning paying customers away from there doors. I wouldn’t give them a star but to post this review I had to give one.', 'Nice decor, bar was a bit slow, has darts and pool, which was nice, bathrooms are downstairs, the place was also very clean overall.', "Possibly my new favourite Irish pub in the world and God knows I've been in a few. Lovely creamy pints of Guinness and the food was excellent. Enjoyed it so much on our first night in Palma that we came back daily. Friendly staff and great music. Highly recommended by this Irish man.", 'We reserved a table to watch Formula 1 and they have plenty of TVs and tables, so you can watch it from different angles. The beer was cold and perfect, the people who work here were very nice and friendly. I have no complaints with the food, it was good and just as I imagined it to be. Highly recommend if you want to watch sports and have a great time sharing moments with friends.', 'Probably the best Irish Pub in town!', 'What a great place! Gorgeous woodwork imported from Ireland, very friendly staff, NFL and EPL going at the same time…perfection.  The Buffalo wings are amazing and the burgers, massive as they are, cannot be beat. We got to have a few quick words with the owners…boy do they work hard to make sure every single person is happy and well taken care of! Best sports bar/Irish bar/restaurant I have ever enjoyed!!!', "We went here for a couple of drinks. Didn't have food. Connor served us when we arrived. He is an asset to the business. He was excellent. We had very good service and a bit of craic. He even predicted some requests. It was reasonably priced too. A bit out of the way and only heard about it from someone staying in our hotel.", 'So glad we found this gem of a place. Friendly staff and food excellent. Prices reasonable. Fish and chips and Thai green curry are highly recommended. Check it out when you next visit Palma Nova!', "Me & my husband went to watch the arsenal v PSV footie game! But sadly when we sat down at a table outside my husband realised that they were gonna put the man utd game on! So when the waiter bought out our drinks my husband said r u showing the Arsenal game?Cause if not we needed to go else where to watch the game! So he must of said to his boss & then came out to say that they can put that game on the tv inside! So we went inside! It was a nice atmosphere! We felt at home! And the drinks were a reasonable price! The staff were very welcoming and accomdating to us! We had a fab time there! Would recommend a visit to this bar! We had a fab nght! And even better Arsenal won 4-0! Thanks O'Neils for your hospitality! Karen & Paul Pallen.", 'We chose fish and chips as we had tried it before and it was good. This time half the portion of chips were overfried chip bits and cold. Definitely not as good as before. A shame, very disappointing.', 'Called Saturday,decent pint not too bad prices either\nJust a shame how quiet magaluf is on a warm Saturday afternoon', 'Ways more better Paella negra than on an other restaurant directly to the sea !', 'Perfect sports bar with good food and nice service', 'would not be in a hurry back..  paella was ok but not great.', 'The lads/owners of Irish Corner Bar were great craic and made me feel very welcome. I enjoyed my time in the bar, and I would recommend any tourist to Palma to visit the bar and enjoy a drink or two!!', "This bar is owned & runned by two leprechauns, Owen & Tony, from the very core of the great isle of Ireland, Limerick. They even speak leprechaunic. (True story!!) Great little corner/nest they created, with amazing regulars which make all welcome. If you skip this haven, you can't say you ever visit San Agustin. Skál!!", 'Fab place! Put the Historic Newcastle v PSG match on for us - thanks Owen! Made our day.', "Great place, very friendly owners. You'll feel at home here. Also the best prices in Palma, trust me !", 'Went here specifically because they serve Guinness and was not disappointed! Great Guinness, great tequila and great company. The bar has a delightful atmosphere and he played a good selection of music too. Highly recommended.', "The best bar in the area. Good prices big measure's and a warm welcome, this bar made my holiday. Highly recommended", "Great 'Scottish' run bar, Gerry and Pauline are a good laugh. Good prices for the measure and most importantly the guiness is spot on. Made our week long holiday that bit more enjoyable.\nHas an American pool table and foosball table as well.\nWill definitely visit again next time on the island.", 'Highly recommend this place if you’re in the area. Here, the owner is cheeky/funny, and you know you’re getting alcohol in your drinks. Great vibes, great playlist! There’s a pool table and lots of seating. Reasonably priced drinks. Super glad I came here :)', 'Very friendly staff, Emerson the Brazilian security was very helpful, he helped us what places and beaches we should visit. Very polite and care about all of the customers. Adrian the waiter, very educated, kind with everyone. Also helpful with all of the customers. Really lovely to meet this guys. Prices are acceptable. Had a really nice caipirinha. Me and my partner loved this place. Highly recommend this place. Outstanding', 'Morgan’s at Magaluf is such a friendly bar. The staff are extremely nice and amazing. Lucinda made our experience extra special and we had the best time. They have reasonable priced drinks and very nice atmosphere. Super good place to start your night and plays good football match (mon the Scot’s!!!! And Steve Clark!!!) even when it’s not in magaluf season Morgan’s pub is the best place for us to go. 10/10 recommend  x', 'We absolutely love Morgan’s,\n\nIt’s the best place, Jose is a legend, Lucia makes a cracking double vodka red bull,\n\nThe best in magaluf', 'Brilliantly priced. Very accommodating, we requested an event on the tv and they put it on for us with no problems. Lovely hospitality and a welcoming place.', 'We had food here three days in a row because the food was excellent, Stefan, the chef is wonderful at his job, he makes delicious food. Gráinne, the manager is a lovely, friendly lady and interacts really well with the customers. Alan, the barman is excellent at his job, very hardworking and has a great manner with customers. Parris, the waitress was so helpful with local information and is also brilliant at her job. It’s a beautiful bar with very reasonable prices.', 'Excellent food, friendly & attentive service, great pricing! We dropped by mid afternoon to a friendly welcome and rapid service from the team. A welcome better value & taste alternative to the quayside Portals venues.', 'The bar is very well kept, the range and quality of the food is fantastic, the prices are very reasonable especially considering its prime location on the main street. Service provided by the waiters was very good. Well worth a visit if your in Portals or the surrounding areas.', 'Nice sports bar/restaurant away from the beach. Considering the location a bit too expensive. Unfortunately, the bartender wasn\'t very attentive and preferred to "hide" in the back of the bar. But ok, not a big problem.', "This is an Irish bar in name only. Poorly trained staff that tend to chat together rather than concentrate on the clientele.\nUseless is probably the best compliment available.\nAbsolutely poor.\n\nA couple of stupidly drunk Irish lads allowed to spoil other people's evening (because they were buying lots of shots).\nThis bar is an embarrassment and most definitely not Irish.", 'Greasy food brought in from another location. Waiter very laid back smoking a spliff. Music very loud and discourages people from sitting inside in the shade. Toilets are up two flights of stairs, no facilities for disabled. This is not an Irish pub. Service and facilities not fit for 21st century hostelry. Prices are exhorrbitant. Owners milking the business in their final season.', "Place could definitely do with a clean, because it's meant to be old irish pub, it doesn't mean it can't be cleaned. Dusty and grubby, dirty glasses left on tables for almost an hour, sticky tables, insects on a bar.", "Unbelievably poor service. The lady who served me was abrupt and rude, No please or thank you, halfway through my order she walked off and missed the rest which I had to repeat!\n\nThe next time I went to the bar, she wouldn't serve me as I wasn't stood directly on front of her next to the til, even though there were no issues with wherever anyone else was standing. Even when the man pointed out I was next, she called out no, no, no, you must form a line!!! So we left to spend our money elsewhere!\n\nThis was on the first day of our holiday, which was a shame as if the service was any good, we would have called in each day and we were saying the Melia Hotel about 5 mins walk away.\n\nAvoid at all costs!!", 'We had a 3 day trip to Alicante and ended up in here every evening after dinner as we stayed around the corner.  Fast service, nice wine...  in desperate need of new toilets. 😫', "Place is good, music very loud, we can't talk, ( we don't like very loud music) but if you like it, it's a nice place. Staff was good too, very welcoming.", 'This is the worst place in Alicante don’t waste your time. Waiters doesn’t want to attend . We had to ask for 5 times to order but they didn’t even come to ask . Clearly they don’t want to work and maybe their boss doesn’t pay them.\nOne with curly hair guy was talking l', "Ok so this place is really located next to lucernos tram. The outdoor seating is nice but the waitresses are to say the least lazy. Went to the toilet and no toilet seat? I wouldn't come back again.", 'Great pub went there to watch the Rugby 🏉', 'As an Irish person I am not happy that this pub calls itself “Irish” the total opposite. No atmosphere, no Irish decor, no Irish music, and an ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING bathroom. Total disgrace would not return. Drinks were ok but this place is filthy and the opposite of what you get at home.', 'The bar is anything buy Irish :) a nice enough bar, pretty dark on in the inside but some seating area outside which was nice', 'Generous alcohol measures. Fair prices. Pleasant staff. Nice outside seating areas. Use this place quite often.', 'The only think Irish about it is the name and the fact they sell Guinness,  the food is very good and the staff friendly and helpful, but if you want to top your feet to irish music then in my opinion by pass.', "Really nice pub with a good selection of drinks and great sandwiches. Enjoyed our Saturday afternoon here and we'll try to come back again!", 'We were there, and in this pub you got no any food. You can drink mediocre beer there without any food. Better other place next time.', 'It felt reasonably authentic for an Irish pub in Spain, quick friendly service.', 'The waitress was lovely and very professional.  She made us feel very welcome.  Very reasonable prices too', "Great place to sit when your wife and kids are shopping in the gran Via shopping center. Guinness is bottled don't have it on draught but it's still good. Managed to get 5 bottles down me in a 45 minute session. Snacks with each bottle and friendly staff. Comfy chairs and looks like it gets great fun at night in normal times. Was very clean and witnessed the staff cleaning seats and tables with disinfectant after every customer I seen leave.", "Not for my age group no food and not a Irish person in sight more like a Spanish interpretation of a Irish bar there were people doing shisha must be a part of Dublin I've never been", "Had breakfast this morning at this pub, which was a bad experience. Besides that the coffee was awful, the bread with tomatoes and ham seemed to be over due the expiring date. The waitress was rude and obviously still was drunk from the previous night. Seriously, I'd never go back there for any food.", 'Good service, good choice of beers, nice music. Perfect chill place!', 'Me encanta🍹🍻', "Good place to drink something. Despite a bit off due to two issues. I hope he's better when he comes back. ;)\nI liked that they hire young and not mature people. I hope they treat them well and have good resources for them.\n\nA big greeting.\nWe repeat for his good character. I expect good treatment from them.", 'Wide range of gins, whiskeys, rums, ciders, cocktails, coffees, teas and beers. Good service, clean and tidy place, on a hot day the a/c was on and we were comfortable inside the premises. I have come on several occasions and there are offers with beers on a pay 2 and drink 3 plan in pints of good brands. I will come again for sure, what I would like is for them to add things to snack on, it would give a lot more game and we would surely stay longer.', 'Best bar and barman in Alicante. Only place to watch the GAA with multiple TV’s. Big G is a legend and shows any sport, not just the GAA. He even opened the bar 5 hours early one day so I could watch the Premier League! Get yourself in for a slap of drink if in Alicante 💪🏻', 'Beautiful creamy pint, good music, great service - all the sports you could want shown on the three TV’s.', "Cockroaches crawling on the bar beside your beer and your feet on the floor? I don't think this is the place that sells fresh quality beer.  They also should have a much bigger selection of Irish whiskey compared to the low quality whiskey from Scotland which has nothing to do with Ireland as Irish whiskey is far superior.  Lovely owner by the way and a gentleman.  Maybe the place can be improved in the future.", "A proper Irish bar in Alicante, the owner was so welcoming and he even put the Liverpool match on for us. It's a must visit if you are in Alicante!", "I think it is a typical bar in San Vicente with an Irish appearance, but it hasn't convinced me in the least. The Irish coffee I ordered, the cream was from a bottle, everything full of sugar, bad whiskey from Mercadona or similar and the glass.... pffff..... nah, if you want an Irish like in Ireland, forget it, but for watching football and a beer, perfect... no Irish music and stuff like that... come on, it's fine, but it's not for me.", 'Good place to go have a beer and a bite to eat. Nice, quiet and good prices. I recommend 100x100', 'I loved! Excellent atmosphere, you can talk! Good attention! The only bad thing is the difficulty to park, but the place is super good!', 'A good pub with a wide variety of beers, a large terrace and table football. Excellent attention.', 'A great pub, our drinks were often served with complimentary nuts, crisps and sweets which was greatly appreciated!Staff were always polite and attentive', 'We had drinks they were okay the atmosphere very well.', 'Nice drinks and nice staff but as other commenters have said - is this supposed to be an “Irish bar”? Cromwell murdered hundreds of thousands of Irish people and dispossessed many more. So the name needs to be changed. Gracias', 'A nice pub with a good beer selection and a nice terrace.\nErrr, the only thing though is the name. Oliver Cromwell was a butcher who murdered an enormous number of Irish people. Are those who gave this pub this name aware of that?', 'The place is really cool, wooden walls and mosaic lamps, it creates a perfect atmosphere. It has a big barrel of peanuts in the center for everyone to serve for free and it offers live music from time to time and jams every friday. I really enjoyed it and definitely will come back.', 'Best pub in town, even in out of holidays period ! Great live music, fun and friendly atmosphere in a very beautiful pub', 'Nice Bar. Live music and karaoke, open mic. Perfect for me', 'Cool place with a live music) good price for alcohol. Friendly atmosphere', "Would of been 5 star but didn't like the constant rock music. Bar tender is friendly and chats with customers. Sells wide range of drinks including a lot of British favourites and is a cross between USA and Irish. Cheap cheerfull and well worth a visit.", 'We spent a month in Alicante and found The Duke the first week. We frequently went and had Hispanic beer (doble IPA). Not cheap, but the staff was great (especially Bexaida) and we really enjoyed the vibe! Highly recommend!', 'We really enjoyed our time here. Alba was especially friendly. 👍🏻 ✈️', 'Great and cozy place with a wide set of drinks.', 'I did asked for the drinks options like cocktails and the guy it says there isnt one but my friend order a cocktail and she was served...so a bit confusing!\nAlso smiles are free but they didnt have one!', 'Good service, child friendly and quality drinks', 'It was nice, and the people working there, especially Jose was warm and welcoming.', 'Supercalifragilisticoespialidoso', 'Nice place, good irish pub for a beer.', 'definitely not Irish, Spanish run, Spanish beer and no English football.', 'Not really Irish only two known drinks', 'Nice beer', 'The waiter ignored us every time we tried to get his attention..To the point of turning his back whenever you tried to get his attention.\nDrinks were brought without the complimentry  snacks other reviews commented were given, but every other table was given them. The food looked nothing like the photos on the menu., tasted ok. Every item was slammed on the table when it finally arrived.. everything arrived haphazardly..I can only Compare it to being served at Faulty Towers...Nothing like an Irish bar at all .I WOULD AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE  ...very disappointing. However was very prompt in bringing the bill.\nDid get a thank you when we paid.', 'Irish pub, Guiness aprons. But they haven’t got Guiness what a joke. Nuff said', "Very nice bar to stop off at when in Arenalas,excellent Irish beer and a good atmosphere,although I didn't try the food I must say it looked very appetising and a lot of local people were eating there. So say no more.", 'Quite a nice little bar with a terrace in the sunshine. Nice beer and as other people have said they give you nice nibbles, a bit like quavers, which I’ve quite missed. I have no idea why it’s called an Irish bar except for the fact that they sell Guinness. Plus an Irish bar doesn’t really fit in in this resort.', 'Great atmosphere, great music and lovely staff', 'Live music and nice to sit outside', 'Good beers on tap.', 'What a cracking night', 'Of course I will not return, the service and treatment of customers is disastrous, the waitress criticizes the customers with other customers, making them drunk, and insulting them. Of course I will not return and all my friends will not return either, especially with those types of "professionals."', 'Good place in the center of Alicante to enjoy good company. Very well decorated and a lot of different drinks. One of our favorite places 👌🏼', "As always the best PUB for drinks.\nAlways attentive and friendly...\nThat's why we come back...", 'A very nice place to have a drink with some friends. The waiter Felipe is very friendly and helpful and served us very well.', 'Great atmosphere.  But bad service', 'Not an Irish Bar at all', "Good Beer. It has a pooltable, darts and tablesoccer. They open during the afternoon and evening. But it's pretty dark inside. Service was nice too.", 'Love the music but didn’t have cocktail and I didn’t drink anything', 'Have passed by, and even attempted to go here many times over the last 2 to 3 years, and it never appears to be open.\n\nOpening times on Google Maps would be a massive help!', "Reading the reviews, I see that people rave about the quantity and quality of liquors, whiskey and even coffees that you can find. But the truth is that I have not tried the above; but yes the beers. And they serve them in an almost sublime way. Colder than the good days of a civil guard. So if you feel like having one there, you won't regret it.", "Incredible whiskey museum, there are invaluable collection bottles. The owner is a person full of good stories that brightened up my stay in Alicante. Thanks a lot, I'll be back...", 'Very nice Pub but during my visit, the beer taps were broken… I will come back another time', 'Great bar staff and great drinks. Would recommend highly.', 'Best bar in Alicante, shout out to Martin and divot (mainly divots friend)', 'Very good drinks and food and best owner.', 'Great service manager changed my wife’s drink as she wasn’t happy with it, no qualms no issues the staff were very friendly', 'The selection of beers 🍻 in this pub was just amazing. Loved the "BLANC" beer which is really sweet and has around 5-6% alcohol.\n\nThey also offer pizza 🍕 which is just a "frozen pizza" but after couple of beers, it is amazing!\n\nCheers! 🍻', 'Nice place, really has that old english pub feel. The music is mostly rock, which is cool! Upstairs, they also have a pool table which you can reserve before you come. They also have a great beer selection, from internationally known beer to local, Slovenian beer. The pub offers alot of food options. Altogether a great experience being in this pub.', "Just what it says ... it has an old pub feel. You come here to have a drink with friends, grab a bite and feel cozy about it.\n\nBy the way, they offer some snacks like hot dogs, fried chicken breasts, sandwiches and I'll say they are all surprisingly good and well priced.\n\nFor a lunch at work or a toast with friends this place has what it takes.", "This place offers a wide range of 'exotic' beers. Staff is great, communicating with just the right amount of humor :)\n\nWould be nice if they manage to get a few more parking lots...", 'A nice bar with a wonderful atmosphere and good music. They have many types of beers to choose from. Despite the crowd, the service was fast and friendly. We love these types of bars and this one really convinced us and we enjoyed it a lot.', 'Great pub, good price for food and drink. As crazy as it sounds, the restrooms are unique!', 'Would‘ve been really nice to spend an evening there and try out some different beers but we waited for 15-20 Minutes (on a Monday) but never got service. The waiters have been walking around all the time but not even greeting us. You could see that the table next to us which has been sitting there a bit longer got really frustrated too.', 'Great bar. Slightly crowdy, but the staff is professional. Best music. I will definitely recommend my friends to try it instead of Parlament bar.\n\nDuring the day I recommend a coffee. Very high quality. Also I have to compliment the kindness of bartenders. Very kind people.', 'not very good experience, it was very noisy, it didnt smell good inside, service and drinks were not very good, quite different experience than true english pubs. I suppose it is better outside.', 'Rude rude rude i only wanted to watch the rugby world cup i would rather miss it than watich in this hole.', 'Old fashioned english drinking pub. Perfect for watching football game with friends. If they find a parking.', 'Good fun pub with decent prices and good beer selection.', 'My new favorite pub in Slovenia. Largest in the country with over 1000 drinks! My host, Marco Cesar (a 19 year veteran of the establishment), provided outstanding, friendly hospitality during a recent midday visit. The Hop Brew selections are worth a try for those who like craft beers.', 'Very nice little pub. We were there to late to try the food. I bet it good.', 'Ok pub for having a beer or few. Relatively slow service during busy hours, even with full staff.', 'Feels a bit tired overall, but the low rating is mainly due to the on tap wine option. I know its not a wine bar but serve a njce crisp clean and cold wine from a bottle, not fizzed up from a tap.', 'The star rating depends heavily on your expectations. Are you looking for a loft style craft beer spot? Well, wrong address. Are you feeling like chilling out listening to classic rock while sipping on plain light lager bought for the best price in town? This is the place for you!', "Ol' rusty Levstik could be a true pub but sadly it is a farcry of its mission. Staff doenst look very interested in their job and places cries for some maintenance so tourists are unfortunately avoiding it. But idea about such pub is in right place.", 'Small pub, but has outdoor seating under umbrellas and pints for €2.40 what more could you want', 'Great pub at a great location. Union beer at only €4.20 for 1L! Excellent price. Staff were friendly and helpful. Great service. Would most definitely recommend.', 'A striking and well known bar designed for families with kids. Peaceful and stylish ambinet for spending quality time with friends.', "Great place to have a drink, either outside (big garden with children's playground) or inside. Besides coffee, they offer a decent selection of sloveninan craft beer. You can also have a snack, like a toast or smth similar. A bit expensive coffee, though (for example capuccino 2 eur).\n\nSmall children's playground on the site.\n\nNice!", 'Fast delivery, good ambient and friendly staff. My recomendation.', 'The staff is kind. The ambience outside is really nice, inside not so much a bit too dark and crammed. The prices could be a bit lower. Items are a bit overpriced. The coffee is good. We ordered tea as well. And asked for more hot water (just water) and they said they would need to pay for the water as if we ordered another tea. The tea costs, I think, around 4 EUR.\n\nThey also have parking space.', "I had an absolutely fantastic time at Sir William's Pub in Ljubljana! From the moment I walked in, I could feel the vibrant and welcoming atmosphere that this pub exudes. The cozy yet lively ambiance created the perfect setting for a memorable evening.\n\nThe menu at Sir William's Pub was a delightful surprise. With a wide selection of beverages and mouthwatering dishes, there was something for everyone. The pub truly excels in offering both classic favorites and unique specialties, all prepared with care and attention to detail.\n\nThe staff were incredibly friendly and attentive, adding to the overall positive experience. Their knowledge about the menu and their willingness to go the extra mile for their customers truly stood out.\n\nOne thing that I particularly appreciated was the pub's commitment to quality. Whether it was the perfectly poured drinks or the well-prepared dishes, it was evident that Sir William's Pub takes pride in what they serve.\n\nThe live music added an extra layer of enjoyment to the evening. It was the perfect backdrop to relax and unwind with friends or simply soak in the energetic atmosphere.\n\nIf you're in Ljubljana and looking for a pub that offers great food, excellent service, and a lively ambiance, I wholeheartedly recommend Sir William's Pub. It's a place where you can create wonderful memories and savor the best that the city has to offer.", 'This is such a fantastic bar with the absolute best service we found in Ljubljana. Immediately we felt so comfortable here and the bartender was just perfect, he knew exactly what he should recommend us and was very knowledgeable. We never had to wait or ask for anything, but were also not bothered all the time. I wish we could have just sat here all day and night while we spent the weekend in town, but you know we had to get that mandatory Lake Bled pic. Highly recommend this pub for all visitors in town!', "If you want to drink the beer, then this is the place. If you are a passionate lover of beer you will appreciate this pub. It really is a House of beer as they call it. Every day there is 14 options of beer and that's just on tap. If they ran out of one, don't worry they will just replace it with another option. This is the place where you come and enjoy the beer in all its glory, and that's it. Everything else is just extra plus for this place. Owner Marko is passionate about this place, have a great knowledge of beer, makes this place feel like you're at home in your living room. It's not a big space, it's cozy place where locals go to get some good feeling, wheatear that's in the morning drinking first or fifth coffee of the day or drinking beer after long day.\nThe interior is classic pub decorated with clean toilets, different options for some snacks, and of course lots of other options for drinks. But as I said, this is a House of beer and it certainly delivers to its name. If you visit Ljubljana and LOVE beer, you must visit this place. ❤️🍻", 'A pub like no other. Small and cozy, with great selection of beers. Owner is a beer connoisseur that kindly offers to recommend the right beer for your taste. Professional service. 10/10.', 'Hidden bar for quiet coffe away from tourists.', 'Nice little bar hidden from the main street.  Unfortunately at the time of our visit, the beer selection was scarce and they did not serve the ones they were promoting.  Otherwise I would recommend it for a quiet sit down.', 'As a dog owner of a larger dog, there are very few places that would accept entrance of a large dog inside. This place is an exception, and a great one it is. Great coffee, the owners are very friendly, you can even grab a bite (toast sendwich). Has free WIFI, water for the pets and some dog treats. Welcome and enjoy your stay.', '10/10. Great wines and beers. Came here twice.', 'Awesome place!\nVery sylish ❤️\nGreat for company 🍸 🍹', 'My favorite pub for morning tea, afternoon beer and evening whisky - with always smiling waitresses :)', 'Nice place, lots of beers, nice staff, good prices. Nice selection of whisky.', "Prices are high for such a location. Garden is in the shade, so it's a nice place for beer during the summer. Some waitresses are ok, while some are really confused. Depends on what day you visit, I suppose", 'Extra friendly staff. Great music. I highly recommend 👍🎶🆗', 'Relaxed, friendly wait staff.', "Very relaxed and friendly staff. I'll be back😁", 'Everything is OK. Friendly staff, owners, cooling in the garden taken care of.', 'I went here for a beer and felt welcome right away. Service was good and people started chatting with me :-)', 'Hodden bar in city center with good price', 'My regular coffee place with outside sitting and sun in winter and shade in summer :)', 'Tasty coffe, Quick and profesional service.', "This bar is always crowded (no matter what time of the day is it) even though it's in a secluded area. Loved the menu card, had such a fun vibe to it. Staff are helpful, had a great experience. Moscow Mule was the best.", "A lovely place to get a drink. Great prices and I highly recommend homemade ginger lemonade. The personell is friendly and didn't complain about my girlfriend being undecided (as always). It's situated on a sunny corner overlooking picturesque streets of Ljubljana and a church. It is a popular place for hippies so expect a smell of weed every now and then.", 'great new place away from the crowd. waiters are polite and friendly. interesting mixes and wine selection. I was pleasantly surprised by their matcha tea made with pure powder and unsweetened almond milk which is a rare find.', 'The waitress passed our table more than 10 times, didn’t even say “hi” to us. Waited for 20 minutes to get completely ignored. Would understand if the place was crowded, but it really wasn’t. Never been so disappointed.', 'The staff here was not that friendly, we didn’t really feel welcome.\n\nWe had to wait a bit to get our food, which is normal. We ordered the American pancakes, a burger and some fries. The fries are frozen, but the first time we ordered them, they were actually surprisingly really very good. So, we ordered them again and the second portion was not nearly as good as the first one. They forgot to salt it and it was not prepared the same way. They should have some consistency in preparing the frozen french fries, I think.\n\nThe burger was not bad, but the BBQ sauce was extremely overpowering the rest of the flavors in the burger. So, the only thing you can really taste is the super sweer BBQ sauce. It’s not a bad sauce, there was just too much of it. The cheese slice was not melted, and there was not enough salad in the burger. The bun was great tho’! Amaizing.\n\nThe American pancakes... they were ok. Extremely sweet and the texture was not that good. I had better ones before. The strawberries were nice and fresh, but the candies on the pancakes were not good. They had a very cheap taste.', 'The burgers were decent but served cold and bacon was hard to chew otherwise this could be a 4 star review. The amercian pancakes are great though and they offer interesting combinations.', "Rock'n Roll themed burger joint in a mall, does too little to stand out. Serves typical diner food from wings to pancakes. There is an emphasis on beer offerings which are vatied and the drinks list is large enough to satiate every taste.\n\nWe had a Cobain and Hendrix burger with fries and house dipping sauce. The server asked us how we wished our burgers prepared and we opted for medium rare because we are not savages. The food was good, there are plenty of napkins, nothing outstanding but good, qzality dining. The bill came out at 30€ for two burgers, one fries w sauce, a 7up, one lemonade with elderberry, a lime water and tap water. We were thirsty boys.", 'Beautiful food and chilled atmosphere. The only thing that let my food down was that the avocado was too mashed whereas I would have preferred it a bit thicker/have a bit more substance.\n\nThe waiter, although lovely, and I don’t know if this is a Slovenian thing because I’ve noticed it quite a lot, seemed a bit like they were bored/didn’t want to be there, our water was nearly thrown down on the table. But to be fair it was a heavy bottle. Wouldn’t stop me going again. Really really enjoyed it.\n\nMy partner got the burger and chips. The chips were amazing, they were like scoops! But nothing to scoop! Should have had coleslaw or something :)', 'I visited this place with my young daughter and a Slovenian friend when we were on our vacation in Ljubljana. Sadly, we experienced great rudeness from one of the waiters.\n\nThe waiter was very rude and grumpy towards my daughter who asked for help with a choice between two drinks. That was already a bad sign, however, after hearing us talk in our national language, he was openly racist toward us, saying how we are in Europe now so we should "behave" by speaking our language and acting "civilized".\n\nUnfortunately, such racist and chauvinistic behavior should not be welcome in such a beautiful place as that was very humiliating rather than welcoming', "I went here twice during my visit to Ljubljana. It is excellent to have a wide variety of craft beer selections on tap (Točeno pivo), in an area where most restaurants only have one option for tap beer.\n\nThe views on the river are fantastic as you can see the Roman-style market columns as well as the water.\n\nBoth times I went, the service was extremely quick compared to other places, and the waiters were very kind and polite. I can't recommend a better place to have a couple beers in Ljubljana than here!", 'Pub with Slovenian and other craft beers in the center of Ljubljana. The beer could have been a little colder. Both the Session IPA and ALE were average, but the atmosphere and service were great.', 'Overpriced drinks. Local biers at EUR +5: given the cost of goods and salaries in Slovenia, the bar makes extremely good margins. Service is horrible with not enough and unpersonal waitresses who do not know the products they seljl. They were just unable to explain me the different local craft beets they have on the menu\nA rude bar tender who would not give help\nJust a tourist trap difficult to escape in this nice area. Unfortunately,for friendly service, you might need to leave Ljubljana', 'The bas thing is thay had small beers only 😁', 'In the night a small discotheke type of bar. 7 euros entry. Nice atmosphere if you like Slovenian hip hop Carnaval.', 'The strawberry mixed drink and the one with ginger were both refreshing and strong. They were best mixed drinks I have ever had! I would visit again :)', 'Pleasant place although its by the main sreet, staff was friendly, coffee was ok.', 'Nice and pleasure morning espresso, with autumn Sun, view onLjubljana castle...not too hot, not cold...and good caffe.', 'Lovely coffee and nice atmosphere. High chairs and door entrance is suitable for disabled people. They also have internet available. Very friendly stuff which can make you lough and put you in a good mood. They have Guinness on a tap and staropramen beer.', 'Nice location in the centre. Nearby is national museum and Across the street you can see the ballet hall.', "Avarege pub. Service is nice, location is nice as well therefore it's always busy. It doesen't stand out in any way though.", 'Great bar, at a nice place next to the river Ljubljanica. Staff is super-kind, service is great and fast. We had coffees and beer. Prices are affordable. Food is maybe a little bit expensive. Recommended for everyone, great selection of alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks at reasonable price.', "Great place for sipping beer or coffe, didn't eat food this time. Helpful and friendly staff.", 'Very pleasant and an interesting assortment of hot drinks (i tried the peenut butter hot chocolate and it was great!)\nService was very good.', 'Perfect place to enjoy a beer, toastie and hot chocolate in the rain....', 'Ok', 'Workers coffee place', 'A pleasant and quiet place where you will be served very kindly and get excellent coffee.', 'A place for morning coffee, especially friendly staff', 'Nice atmosphere, rock music and cheap beers 😊', 'Best for impulsive late night visits. It has fast food right next to it and will attract a good crowd of people quickly because of these factors. It has been nicely renewed and attracts foreign Erasmus students as well as tourists but mostly locals.', 'One of the places to go if nothing else is happening. It\'s always open and has some people partying. The prices are also very reasonable. The downside of being the place to go as a meaning of last resort, you will see "interesting people" and encounter the smell of sweat...not always, but don\'t be surprised if you do :)', "Can get crowded fast. Otherwise it's quite good to start or end your evening pub crawl tour here. Nothing too fancy tho. There's also a fast food right outside if you get hungry.", 'Great beer options. Lots of sitting areas both inside and out. Good location and atmosphere.', 'Nice  bar local atmosphere...', 'Excellent place to have a drink in MRibir, not one of those fancy places in center of the city but perfect place where you will have cosy time with your friends. Parking available just in front, though for a charge.', "It's nice and quite place to hang out with your friends..", "It's a must visit for anyone looking for a pristine cocktail experience. Quality ingredients and knowledgeable staff yield great, balanced cocktails. Go check them out! From the true classics to the signatures cocktails their bartenders know it all. They even have their own detailed cocktail book to help you navigate the rich world of classic cocktails and help you decide on what to get. A great place to get coffee in the morning or enjoy a party during the weekend, this place gets into its own with a true cocktail bar atmosphere during the weekdays when they host themed cocktail nights. Classic cocktails for 5€ on Tuesdays, signature and classic Italian cocktails on Wednesdays and signature 3-course themed cocktail menus on Thursdays. We usually check their instagram to see when they change up their menus as we try to go to each event at least once a month. The cocktail scene in Maribor is not up to speed with the rest of the world but Niagara is a step ahead and hopefully people appreciate the effort they put in their craft.", 'I came here for EYOF and they were advertising 80s for Saturday 29.7. music but when we came there they were only playing Balkan music and it was a major turn off after the excitement of 80s party.', 'Great if you want to relax. We spent 1 day in Maribor on our trip and found the place by chance but we will definitely visit again. The staff was very nice and quick, the drinks were delicious.', 'the institution is good, we just need more interesting music, not only Slovenian, but also Latin😉👌', 'Great garden, with a view of the local montain. Kids friendly, offering a babychino that comes with marshmallows!', 'What a gem! A very welcome bar with great, friendly staff. We were out for a walk and stopped by for a drink - got chatting with the barman about the history of the house - the building has original wooden ceiling from 1847. Their outside seating is great for sunny weather.', 'A cosy bar just outside the centre of Maribor. Perfect stop before or after a walk either through Maribor or the beautiful sights above it.\nVery friendly people and a cosy terrace.', 'Nice place to grab a drink. Right on the edge of town offers views of countryside and Pohorje. 3 cute outside decks with covering and swings to sit on make a nice ambience.', 'I love this place. Very good coffee and background music. A proper variety of beers and beverages. Also a gift shop with vinyls and clothes and such.\nVery funky, keep it up :)', 'Best craft beer venue in Maribor, mainly from the large selection in the fridge. Funky music and overall good, modern vibes to the place.', 'The young waiter is very nice , helpful and talkative, but the boss is rude and the récord store is PRETTY expensive, the 7" records are not well ordered so as to  dig correctly, prices are crazy when the condition sometimes is "fair" .\nBeverages are also a bit expensive!!!!', 'Super friendly but the owner already warned me about the prices....he was right.', 'Ftw', 'The city is not very lively at night but luckily there is Loski. Good beer, good rock music, terrace for smoking and keeping cool in summer', 'Il had to be there for a stand-up performance. Charming cafe in a medieval town.', "It's a pretty good rock bar. It wasn't my music, but I still give it 4 stars.", 'Great place\nOut of center but must be visited', 'Tasty food, range of quality beers. I recommend to do something on music', 'Great place for beer and food lovers👌', "Good pub for a drink with the best beer selection in Kranj.. but we did see a rat running from the kitchen, so I'm never eating there again. If I try to forget that incident, before that we used to order a pizza, and it was always good. 😒", 'This place is great! It’s a great experience. The ambiance is very welcoming and charming. Amazing cocktails, coffee and service. Staff are extremely knowledgeable and make great recommendations. large terrace on the sunny side with a grassy garden where children can play. I recommend to everyone! I would like to come back here again and again.', 'Epic ice cream and really kind waitress! Some innovative flavours (beetroot?!) and under €5 for 2 scoops for 2 people! Great views and waitress was super accommodating', 'Friendly staff, super location, the espresso (too cold) and ice cream (red orange, artificial taste) failed to met the expectations implied by the high average rating.', 'Nice and cozy place with beautiful view of the castle and nearby hills.', 'Good service and good personel', 'House is a good place.', 'Homely, friendly, clean and tidy toilet and a great parking lot. We will come again!', 'A good village pub to relax with a cold drink and moderate prices', 'Great pizza!!!!!  Best dough! Great vine and beer offer! Nice staff! Best location! Fully recommend!\n\nPs: kids will love their hot dog as well', "Kralj Matjaž is the best pizzeria in Dolenjska. Dough that doesn't stuck in your stomach, quality vegetables and additives (I didn't try the meat because I don't eat it).\nSince my last visit, they have added some other intresting dishes to the standard pizza offer, but most of all they have improved the service, which I consider a big plus.\nThe whole experience of visiting them is now at an above-average level! 👍", 'Joyful pizzeria in downtown Novo Mesto.🍕🏰🇸🇮 High energy inside always crowded.⚡️👥 Customer oriented very quick service. Try the Brada Burgers. 🍔 100% beef. 🥩💯 Don’t end up eating Your fingers. Nice collection of wines. 🍷 As the name implies it’s the king of places in Novo Mesto. 👑', 'Ordered a matured steak, after asking about the weight of the steak, the waitress (I don\'t know her name, she was wearing glasses) told me that it was possible to order only a 1 kg piece, which was actually portioned for two hungry people - the waitress claimed it was for one, but later it turned out that they had a smaller piece as well because it was ordered by someone by the next table, they did not offer us a choice. When ordering there was no question about how the steak was to be cooked - I assumed it would be medium, but it turns out that it was cooked "rare", and the most disappointing was that at least half of the meat I got was so chewy that it was impossible to eat. One of the worst steaks I have ever eaten, despite the price being 80 euro, the service and preparation was sub-standard (my fault for not refusing the dish). I left more than half of the steak/chewy meat that could not be eaten, I took it with me as proof of what I have written - as can also be seen in the attached picture. Very dissapointed by the uninterested service and food.', 'It is a very friendly place with a cosy atmosphere, good wine and beer', 'A very warm and cozy place. Hot cocoa was delicius. They also have some vegan options, I chose rice milk. Cocoa with plant milk is also 10 cents cheaper than cocoa with regular milk 🔝', 'Even the toilets here are trendy and super cool. More importantly, eight beers on tap and friendly staff passionate about beers. THE place to drink in Ptuj.', 'Cool bar with lots of different beers to offer\n+ a lot of interesting beers;\n+ cozy bar (especially inside - the interior is really cool);\n+ friendly staff;\n+ prices of beer and other drinks are ok;\n+ good place to hide from hot summer sun.', 'Amazing all around fantasy and sci-fi bar. Plus board games and great beer and boozy drinks.', 'The Perfect Bar for Nerds and Gamers.\nIf you are visiting Bratislava you need to check out Dungeons Pub', "If you're a nerd, you'll love this place. Nice staff. Good drinks. Great board games. You can borrow a BRICK power bank and charge your mobile phone at your the table. Great place!", 'What a crazy little pub! This sort of thing is my jam, perfect if you love Witcher, Harry Potter, LOTR and other fantasy brilliance. Very obviously a hotspot for D&D fans as well - casual Harry Potter quiz going on at the same time. I’m bringing my sister back here when we come to Bratislava again - awesome and the staff were so nice :)', 'Smoking inside, only cash, weak beer, poor choice of alcohol free drinks, annoyed waitresses. No clue why this place has such a good rating.', 'Card payment not possible', "Nice place, really particular.\nIf you are thinking of taking a drink it's the right place, but they don't cook... What a waste of opportunity!", "Great pub, good selection of tasty craft beer, rock music, friendly staff, Jack Daniel's everywhere :)", 'Excellent beer', 'Classic pub in Košice', 'Excellent beer Bachelor', 'Pleasant service, good 🍻🍺', 'No cards accepted, cash only.', 'Classic place for beer. The summer season only!', 'right place for a pint of good beer in the open air', "Place to go for a beer or other alcohol beverages if you don't mind sitting outside without service. Good kebab place around the corner.", '', 'Lovely little pub to enjoy your beer on your strolls in the city. Great beer', 'A perfect place for a short rest, after hard shopping at the market', 'Classic pub, good Bernard. A bit smelly toilet.', 'everything is super pleasant obsession dora borivicka.', 'Lovely little bar, accessable from the main street, through some arches into a courtyard.\n\nOutside seating area provides a nice respite from the sun.\n\nGood selection of Slovakian craft beers.\n\nGreat staff with good English.', 'Pure local and traditional. No Wi-Fi, No TV, No card payment. You feel the oldies style. Real human interaction and cordial friendly environment. A preferred place to hangout.', "Very inviting courtyard bar with probably the most coolest customers and servers in town. Try the summer masakre - one of the best sour ales i've tried.", "Unbelievable experience. This is how all the bars should look like. It's all about people. No card, no wi-fi, no TV. Just people socializing.", 'Best bar in Kosice! :)\nAmazing wine selection, beautifully prepared cocktails, perfect atmosphere and the diamond above it all is their team!\nWell done guys, you just became my most favourite bar in Kosice 🤍', "One of the nicest friendliest cocktail bars we've ever been to. We even got a free glass of prosecco! Fantastic service and atmosphere.", 'Alex is 10 out of 10! Great bartender!', 'Very cozy place. We ordered it for a small celebration at the last minute. We were accepted and had reasonable prices. The staff was very willing and helpful  with any help and advice', 'Great local, slovakian pub with the hockey background.', 'Super', '', 'Informal seating, reservation possible. Pleasant staff. Possibility of ordering food. LP', 'Menu smells after puke but other than that great fun. Just bear in mind after 2 AM everyone is smashed 😂', 'The best are the Wednesdays with DJ Jogi!', 'Good choice of songs and good prices, they accept cards. But... I ordered a drink and I got a different one. Yes, I claimed it but without any success. So 2/5 stars only bcs of cards accepted.', 'There is a great atmosphere but also a lot of people so you have to wait for everything so long. Very good place for team building and get to know each other. You can sing whatever you want and nobody cares. I love it 😍', 'Decent local pub.', 'Super', 'Probably, someone is misleading.\nIn any case, the facility and services are suitable primarily for a clientele of the type of joint meetings of different age and gender categories. It depends on the circumstances ...', 'Pleasant bar with outdoor seating. Lava beer, on tap in seconds...', 'PPC!', 'Super', '🖤🖤🖤\nAtmospheric cowork place', 'No5 Local pub.', 'NajKava.⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️\nI enjoy Fragrant Expresso daily.💕\nWhoever drinks it lives long, because it is not bitter. 🤣', 'Pleasant service. Clean and cozy spaces. Nice decoration.', 'Pleasant service, nice environment in a wonderful city in the center of Košice', "I'm happy to go out for a meal, except for some miscreants", 'Ok', "For the introduction. This is not a cafe or a pub, but it is an original classic pub. Previously 3-4 prices. I'm smoking. The nearby drinking community and workers from the nearby hostel go here. So ladies and gentlemen, no big expectations. This is not a place where you go on a Saturday night with a bunch of people, or call a friend for coffee and a night out. But a place where people run to after work for a beer and some soft drinks, or when they go to buy groceries in the neighborhood, they fill up here... On the other hand, the service is pleasant, the toilet is clean, the prices are lower than in the surrounding area, and most importantly, you can bring home an excellent dumpling :-)", 'Traditional pub with friendly service. Smoking is available throughout the space and tank corgon is on tap. Whoever is nearby can definitely stop by for a good tank top. Beer always fresh and good. Seating is also outside all year round. The bonus is that you can buy homemade dumplings, which are said to be the best in the city :) tradition is not missing the top ;)', 'A pub where the beer is constantly tapped, so you always get fresh, the service is nice, the prices are adequate for the company, ideal for a quick beer while waiting for the woman while she is shopping in Klas :) For me, a plus is that they also think about the dogs, who have a bowl of water and a bowl for pooping !!!', 'Under new ownership but doing great. Very friendly service, good with non Slovak speaking individuals and truly a good Irish feel! Live music on Wednesday night brought in a great group of people and everyone (definitely myself and the couple that I met) seemed to have a great time! Highly recommend.', 'I\'ve had several people tell me I\'d love it so I finally decided to check it out. Those people don\'t know me at all. It seems to be a place for loud people who like sports. That\'s about as opposite from me as one can get. I\'m a nerdy type who wants to talk history and geopolitics or better yet be left alone to read a book. I like the arts and the opera. If I walk into a pub and people are wearing sports jerseys I immediately know I\'m in the wrong place. I think the bartender even knew I was in the wrong place because as I was standing at the bar she asked "are you okay?" And I said "yes" But I toughed it out and ordered a drink. The service was friendly and the ambiance was nice. The location is central. The price wasn\'t bad. If people talking about sports VERY LOUDLY and playing sporting events via their phones VERY LOUDLY all around you is your thing then you\'ll love this place! As for me, I will not be returning, and I will tell the people who keep pestering me to go there that I have tried it. I\'ve lived outside America for ten years now. While I appreciate people I meet trying to be kind and sending me to the one bar they know where everyone speaks English, I don\'t need that.', "Wonderful pub where you can also turn up on your own. If you're looking for conversation, you'll end up knowing most of the other guests at the bar. There are pub quizzes and theme nights, everything is very informal. If I lived here, this would definitely be my favourite pub.", 'Fantastic intimate environment- we enjoyed watching both rugby semifinals last weekend during our visit to Bratislava.\nShane and team were incredibly helpful hosts.\nNote - you can’t book. Just visit and enjoy.', 'Difficult to find.. as its just a single door that leads to the cellar. but a great pub with music just at the right volume that you can enjoy it but also still hold a conversation.... friendly staff good priced drinks.', 'Really nice undergrounded place\nThe only two problems there are-\n1. The smokers. Its un undergrounded place and if people smoke you can barely breath.\n2. It seems like the barman is more nice to the locals and less welcomed the foreigns guests\nBesides that everything was perfect and cool (nice drinks, cools vibes and people)', 'Nice little bar which in underground and really difficult to find, the bar had a good vibe and the waitress/ bar person was very friendly, again another place which is cash only! For me personally It’s only downfall for me was because it’s underground there is very little ventilation and the bar allows folks to smoke, I mean it’s 2022, we definitely would have stayed longer but unfortunately because of this we left after one drink. Nice bar though.', 'Amazing, quaint bar! A bit difficult to find but worth the search. It’s a really big cellar with an amazing atmosphere, cheap drinks and wonderful staff. Good thing to note most of the bar is a smoker’s area, which I appreciated', 'Derby Pub has an absolutely amazing team, great food and great service. We came unplanned on the evening of the ice hockey game of the Slovak team against Switzerland. The store was full and we 9 people. The pub manager then found a solution for us and we had a great evening. Even the forgotten sweater was sent to Germany afterwards. Incredible service! Thanks. Absolute recommendation and we would love to come back anytime. Cheers Oli', 'Nice place. Decent level of service. Overall enjoyable experience. Would recommend.', 'Very nice place!', 'Cheap daily menu of often poor quality. You can sit inside or (during summer season) outside on terase. After reconstruction, the interior looks nice with many sport souvenirs (jerseys, posters...).', 'Definitely the best whisky/whiskey bar in Bratislava even the rest of Slovakia. But do not worry even if you are not a whisky fan, you can still have a pint of beer, glass of wine or shot of whatever and enjoy the cosy atmosphere of the place. Very wide range of whiskies available to taste and learn about. The owner is a whisky expert with a great knowledge and experience, so you may end up talking for hours while enjoying those great drams. For whisky lovers they even provide tastings with various topics where you may find out even more. Total must go/must see type of place and it is definitely worth the travel even though it is not in the centre of the city. Believe me, youre gonna love it and return :)', 'Amazing place to have a whisky in a cozy bar. Owner is a true expert and can recommend you a dram based on your taste.', 'Honestly, this has got to be the best whiskey bar in central Europe. It blows my mind its in Petržalka', '"Simply the best" bar in Bratislava. From the moment You walk in, You\'ll find yourself in Whiskey world. Nicely lighted long showcase full of bottles from the whole world are waiting for your taste buds. Owner has huge knowledge about whiskey all around the world, able to present in english as well, open to discuss. If You are "Whiskey guy" or just open minded to explore new guilty pleasures, come exactly here. You will not regret!', 'Great place for good beer 🍻 & food at a reasonable price. They have daily menus, but the alacarte options are also not priced as steeply as elsewhere. Everything was fresh and tasty! :)\n\nThey have several types of beer on tap, my favorite would be the 11° Staropramen (the color is rich and so is the taste) - 1,9€ for 0.5L.\n\nThere is a smokers & non-smokers section available.', 'Great food and great beer, even well poured Guinness my goodness! Pure Genius ☘️', 'Super tasty pizza snails 🤤👍🏻', 'I would have given 5 stars but you can only pay with cash. Not being able to pay by card is a major downside in my opinion.', "I had a fun enough time here but only because I was drunk. The men's toilets were a nightmare. Some staff were openly anti-lgbt for no reason and the Iranian guy was super aggressive, which is kind of funny. He obviously takes himself seriously but dresses like a cliché dork and it's hard not to laugh at how ridiculous he is. He made people extremely uncomfortable and honestly needs to calm down. Total jerk", "TERRIBLE SERVICE. The staff was super rude. They kick us out of the place with no manners, yelling us that they wanted to go home. We were a big group and we consumed a lot, so as clients we deserve respect, specially because we weren’t misbehaving.\nThe owner was as rude as his waiters. I explained to him the situation and he insulted me.\nClients are treated like trash, so I DEFINITELY DON'T RECOMMEND IT. If you don't know how to treat people, then don't put a customer service business.", 'We had a lot of fun playing karaoke!! Drinks were good and service was friendly. A fun place !', 'The sound system for the karaoke is not good at all —just one lonely speaker in the corner. The singer cannot hear a thing he/she is singing.', "It's a nice bar with a good beer garden. I like that they serve Stupavar beers.\nThe staff were friendly and spoke good English", "Fancy presented bottles at a bar on many levels, but this is meanless. No cocktails, cannot make simplest Old Fashioned, failed to make Aperol Spritz (starting from Step 1 from the recipe https://us.inshaker.com/cocktails/1098-aperol-spritz).\n\nFun fact: exactly Old Fashioned photo is placed in men's toilets with ads of golden rum.", 'Good food, enough TVs around if you come to watch sports, and the lounge bar downstairs for whiskey / cigar lovers is a relaxing place to go to.', 'Lots of TVs and ugly hockey and Guinness memorabilia, the interior would have been quite elegant without it. Surprisingly nice bathrooms. Very slow service even though the place was more or less empty. Weirdly expensive.', 'Good place to try craft beers and typical Slovak food.\nCozy place with a large and very pleasant terrace :)\nUnfortunately I was travelling as a guide with my group and we had a closed menu but next time I would like to try the Halušky!\nGood presentation and complete dishes, very good strüdel.\nSuper friendly blond waiter on order\nEfficiency and speed\U0001fae1\nKofola, a competitor of cocacola for years, can be tasted there.', 'An impressive beer house with options you don’t find in the rest of the city. There was an organised city tour present when I visited but there’s no reason not to pop in on your own, with a good mix of tables throughout inside as well as some seating in the courtyard. It was annoying that they have a minimum €10 spend on card payments, so I had to stay a bit longer than I originally intended, but if you’re a beer lover then you won’t mind!', "A beer lover's dream! Get the flight of beer to sample the most here, the grapefruit beer was unreal. We also shared the platter for 2 between 3, which was plenty. The sausage and bryndzové halušky was especially good. Loved the courtyard, nice atmosphere.", 'Great place and value of money!\nThe food was so delicious and the daily menu includes beef soup with vegetables & pork schnitzel with potato salad. The menu costs 8.90 EUR.\nThe service was excellent and the staff speaks good English! ☀️', 'Big rock themed bar in the prime location. Nice decoration and great music, not to expensive.', 'Excellent late night bar with great people watching seating. The staff was top notch as well', 'the decoration itself pays the whole visit! Beer at a reasonable price, nice staff and amazing decor - i can’t express this enough. Also the playlist… definitely one of my favorite places to visit in bratislava!', 'There is planty of space inside and few tables outside. Very cool atmosphere and nice beer.', "A local neighborhood pub open only from 5 to 10 pm. Don't get turned off by the front bar which looks and feels a bit dingy and unfortunately allows smoking indoors - walk past into the beautiful courtyard and you can chill with fanatstic Pilsner Urquell tapped into chilled glasses. You may even end up striking a conversation with a few local regulars whilst at it.", 'The best pilsner in Bratislava, besides that it is a small and cosy, almost private place with perfect garden during the summer.', 'Super cozy atmosphere, attentive staff, very polite guests and the best Pilsner in town - hands down.', 'Very nice backyard. Worth visit.', 'I really like the place.. small and cozy.. the waitress was very polite...', 'Great atmosphere, good beer and friendly service! I recommend!', 'Nice place, good local beers and very friendly staff 👍🏼 🍺', 'Former public bathrooms are now the coziest and more beautiful bar in town. What a surprise! A little bit far away from main center, definitely worths a visit!', 'I ate here twice and had a great meal both times.\n\nThe local cuisine I tried included pork schnitzel and chicken with noodles. Both meals were excellent and I really enjoyed them.\n\nThe cost including beer was very reasonable.\n\nI would recommend coming back here again.', "The local food was absolutely delicious. Highly recommend to try the local food instead of 'normal' offerings. The lager beer was not my taste but the IPA was great.\nIn my opinion one of the best choices, to have lunch (there are good daily offers) or dinner in the city center of Bratislava.\nThe staff is really friendly and well organized.\nIf I come back to Bratislava sometime, I'm surely gonna be eating here again!", 'This specific location is further outside of the city center than their other spot, but it was worth the short trek. Authentic Slovak food which is quite rich and flavorful and some delicious beer. The leziak 10 and 12 and the Bubak 12 were all very good, easy drinking, and paired well with the food. English menu was helpful and the waitress was very friendly and gave some good suggestions. Interior is rustic yet modern. Great place to stop for lunch or dinner and some local beers! Also a great beer garden out back for warmer weather.', 'Once again, I find myself trying a new cuisine. This time Slovakian. Excellent dishes, generous portions, and quick service.\n\nI want to point out that I was charged €1.60 for bread! I didn’t order it, assuming it comes free as all other restaurants. The waitress didn’t inform me of this too. I was going to give the restaurant 5 stars, but because of this incident I decided not to. Nevertheless, highly recommend!', 'Best bar in Slovakia! Oscar was great and friendly (the owner). The bartenders Jenny and her boyfriend were really nice too. Jenny is a top class bartender which can make you any cocktail you desire and can even create a new one on the spot. Great place to chill out on a regular evening and listen to some daddy rock! I also heard that they have event evenings in the bar like karaoke or open-mic. Would definately return to Bratislava just to visit this bar again. Also very welcome to people from any country hence the international bar.', "My favourite bar in Bratislava it's always full of amazing bartenders and specials. The spicy shot definitely changed my life. Jenny is the best and the owner Oscar is so friendly", "Such a friendly and amazing atmosphere here. The staff are unbelievably welcoming and friendly. They also have some great events throughout the week. Highly recommend visiting when you're in Bratislava", 'a place that has managed to attract a vibrant and diverse international community, even expats from Africa (which is quite uncommon for Bratislava). The beer selection could be broader, but the place is still charming. Nevertheless, it is most suitable for young expats and international students.', '', '', '', 'Quite nice service and place. Bad is smoking area is not separated well....', 'Good place for spend time with friends.', 'good beer', 'Coffee in the morning, pivo in the evening!!', 'One of my favorites place in zilina for beer', 'Super.', 'No.1', 'Jk', "🏆🏆🏆💯 ADVANTAGE - PLEASANT TERRACE, IMPROVE SERVICE, OPENING HOURS ARE WRONG, PAIN THE TABLES ON THE TERRACE, CHANGE THE INTERIOR UPHOLSTERY, NON-WORKING TV, TANGLE OF CABLES PROGRESSING OUT, MARLBORO ADVERTISING, BUT DON'T BUY CIGARETTES HERE 🍺💥💙Ⓜ️🇸🇪🇰🇺🌍🍀 🍀🍀🙋\u200d♂️🙋\u200d♂️🙋\u200d♂️🍺🍺🍺🍺🍺", 'A great draft beer. It held the foam for a long time. It tasted great. I came to two... I gave four 🤔', "In Hurikán Pub there is an event on the old spring from 16:00 to 18:00 h1+1 for free, don't miss this opportunity and share it with your friends...", 'Pajzel is the best beer in the area. Service is fine, stangasti is fine. I recommend.', 'Spectacular drinks, very competent bartender, I reccomend this place for an evening. Ask for drinks out of menu!', 'pretty nice place!', 'One of the Best Cocktail Bars in Žilina.', 'best whisky, rum and cocktail bar in Žilina with jamaican and amsterdam mural theme', 'Nice business yesterday I was at a big 10 and nice charming service keep it up ☺️', 'Pure disaster, unpleasant service, bad drinks.', '', '', 'Poor service, no order, but just a fool', 'Because I love it there, I had the best life experiences only there', 'Super service and ah environment', 'Classic smoky pub!', 'Good place, excellent service, friendly atmosphere,good prices.Warm recommendation.', 'pilsner from the tank and some pub food. some TV sets for watching sports. pub for smokers.', 'Friendly stuff, good prices, great beer', 'Best bear in town', 'Classic almost village pub, but with great beer', 'Ok', 'Super', 'I only had a beer, but it was good and the service was fast...comfortable satisfaction.🙂', 'Super 👍', 'Nice beer and even better service', "The beer and the service were great\n🍺🍺 just the cigarettes brrr, but what's up, I'd like to stop", "The beer ran out, but the pizza didn't even come to mind because the pizza bars were unbaked! There is only one Prosecco on offer for almost twenty euros, it's strange! But they probably know what to drink with what they offer!\nThe staff tried, but today's trouble was not about them! 😱", 'Good, original place and very good beer.', 'Nedocapovane', 'Supeeer.. 😊😊😊', 'You get a lock for your bike and while you drink super "dewy" you can see your bike on TV.', 'Amazing decorations!', 'Top', "A long-standing company full of great people.\nThe owner is comfortable as he should be.\nIf you're a fisherman or a climber, don't even come here, because you'll be like that until the end 😅.\nI definitely recommend", 'Nice stylish and cozy pub. Bernard beer, free darts.', 'Best place in Žilina. Great beer. Great servis.', 'nice cozy small pub for rockers.', 'Super..', 'Ok.', '', '', '', '', 'Nice place with possibility to sit outside, good beer, nice people, no food though, just crisps or utopenec, some candy or ice lollies during summer ;)', 'Homely and relaxed place. Good quality beer at reasonable prices', 'Ok', 'OK', 'Very tasty kitchen. Excellent place', 'Fantastic food as usual, attentive staff, place is opened for vaccinated people only.', 'Perfect beer. Superb food. Willing staff.  Recomending to try "cutted" beer', 'Perfect place to meet your friends tonight with tank-beer from the biggest and most famous brewery of the region (or the state? ;-) ). Friendly atmosphere, young waitors and tasty food.', 'I was pleasantly surprised by the new, nice look of the company. 🙂 I would like to thank the owner for Radegast 12°\nUnfortunately, the staff (although friendly) cannot deal with screaming customers.', 'Nice service, pleasant renovated environment. I felt very comfortable as in a family environment.', 'The beer is as good as any in Slovakia. Service ok. I recommend it. Adam from Poland.', '', 'Prešov underground. You will meet someone there. The waiter is ok 😸', "Empty bar, the newspaper is still bothering us to buy something because we have nothing else to do there, besides we ordered and he kept coming to us to order something... he must have been drunk because there was quite a smell of alcohol... he even told us that he could see that we have money, so why don't we order.", "Super, super, the best guy in Prešov, sexy Kevin. Everyone leaves satisfied and I'll be back tomorrow! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️", "it's a disgustingly smoky cheap hole with average soulless beer with a weird environment and patrons. I strongly do not recommend it.", 'Since when has Majko been working there, the beer has a completely different taste, I highly recommend it, Elán brought it there', 'They have good beer here 🍺 ŠARIŠ', 'They also serve a gift of bacon with bread.', "Even during the summer season, you can sit on the terrace (but only for a while), and in winter, it's not only cold outside, but inside I recommend warm socks 😂😂😂", "I will never go in again in my life.. we arrive, the waitress is disgusted.. we sit at the table.. we wait 10 minutes, the service did not even intend to come to serve us. Meanwhile, she was playing on the phone. So after 10 minutes of sitting in the dry, we left. In the end, he doesn't even say hello. Thank you very much. 🙏", 'The only thing wrong are probably the photos of Slovak cyclists on the wall 😅', '', '', 'We had reservation on Thursdays after wedding. I have to say that food was very nice and tasty..it was good that we was placed upstairs that we had privacy..', 'On internet it says it’s opened but it’s closed in reality so I would say you can go to restaurant that it’s opened instead to actually get some food :)\nGeña', "Excellent, fantastic, a 10 in all, deal, menu, prices and facilities. Of the best I've tried on Presov !!!", "Nice pub nearby the city center. Good Slovak quisine. Amazing pub during the summer time, because of local musical bands playing the local Slovak music. Strongly recommend when you're in Presov!", 'The business was not open during opening hours. We waited half an hour.', 'Good place with public transport connections and a separate parking lot, currently poor service', 'A business within walking distance of the main station in Prešov...', 'A pleasant cafe with excellent Krombacher beer on tap', 'Nice place to have a beer play some darts, table soccer or pool so plenty of choises and in summer you can have barbecue outside and sit next to river', 'redhesd waitress and her colleague are the best waitresses ever', 'redhead waitress top\nwith her colleague too', 'I like this place', 'Good sitting with a beer.', 'Pretty good', '', '', 'Great cozy place with a nice friendly atmosphere. Just when you come in to this place make sure you\'ll bring your own " ice for the drinks" as I was told by the waiter they don\'t have any at the bar 😀👍 also there should be more food available not just chips', 'The beer is fine, an they have some food too. For me was a big minus that in every corner you were able to look at the big TV screen. There was smoking and non smoking room too.', 'Very good and reputable pub amongst young people. The long wait time, especially for non-filtrated beer, kinda ruins the overalll experience.', 'nice pub with nice people, recommended to visit. One reservation though, no bread available on friday afternoon (until 7pm) and therefore no way to eat anything but chips.', 'Very disappointed. Margarita was watered down and nowhere near authentic. For a place like this bit was a very poor effort. Putting profits over quality', 'Nice experience, welcoming staff and great drinks with a spectacular view of the city square.', 'Awesome drinks with comfortable and in many ways special atmosphere', "Nice view and drink's", 'If you are from Nitra and you love rock music, you know this is the best place for you to rock whole night', '🤘', 'Great rock club with perfect sound.', 'Super', "Don't drink bloody Mary. It is just terrible. Other cocktails are quite nice.", 'Perfect bar for drinks which were delicious. 👌 Staff was perfect!', 'Definitely good place for start evening, drinks, staff, music(sometimes loud for chat)  smoke and nonsmoke area, nice ladies, friendly people...stopping by is a must for evening in Nitra', 'I like it so much! The best coctail bar in Nitra. They have special cocktails, the stuff is very friendly!', "We discovered this place by chance, while descending from the via ferrata, and we have to say that we couldn't have hit it better. They just had the so-called October fest. We were attracted by the smell of grilled sausages and the nice man behind the grill. Come and taste it, he called us 😊 Unreal goodness. Quality sausages from Slovak farmers. We had to take a double too 😁\nExcellent beer and cheerful babies behind the bar. Really nice atmosphere. Conclusion: If there are still such companies in Slovakia and among us such great people who enjoy their work, it is not completely lost here!!!\nYou made our day very pleasant.\nThank you ❤️", "I don't know if it was because I climbed halfway to Zobor...\nBut I think I can recognize a good beer...\nReally special 😋", 'Absolute unit among pubs in Nitra. Great beer, atmosphere and.. must be experienced. 👍🤟🍺', 'Home atmosphere with the best draft beer in Nitra. Whether you are going on a hike or just for a walk on Zobor, refreshing yourself with Svijani among pleasant people and always cheerful service is the right choice every time.', '', '', '', '', "I've been there a few times, every time there was a drunken man behind the bar and it didn't matter if a person came there at 6 in the morning or in the evening, always drunk, it's just a disaster :(", 'It is located right next to the new bus station.', 'Bad environment. The operator is obviously under the influence of alcohol (man).', '', 'Best place', "I didn't eat anything, but we drank a lot in a great atmosphere", "A cozy place where you meet the same drunk people at 7am and 7pm. All warm, great service, great prices. By far the best pub I've been to outside of Germany.", 'The pub is already 100 years old and still has the same owner, values, and advantages, specifically the arrow....renovated, improved and there are no differences 😉', 'Beautiful ancient space. Good beer and great offer of drinks. Nice service. Best burgers in town right at the corner.', 'It’s most lovely Bar in Banska Bystrica. Best barmen and good quality alcohol with nice service!', 'Great coffee for good price. The view is amazing and the esthetic is gorgeous. Would recommend this to anyone.', 'Best coffee in BB!! Service A1 and really nice servers A+++', 'Pleasant establishment, wider selection of capped beers, even though Prazacka was not there during my visit. Caring staff, interested in clients, comfortable sitting in the "atrium" part.', 'Very nice place! Very tasty beer! I only saw the bachelor here! Thank you, Mr. Martin!', 'Inconspicuous from the outside, pleasant space from the inside. The owner took care of the business to have its own atmosphere. They have great Bakalár beer on tap and have a large selection of drinks. The fact that there is a pleasant atmosphere in the company is made possible by the nice staff. The owner is very helpful and plays music on request 😜', 'Excellent nice environment, nice staff, they have a wide selection of beers and wines.\nVery pleasant sitting. I recommend a good one for me', 'Nice place with great selection of tasty local beers on tap.', 'cozy pub with great beer selection, friendly service', 'Very nice pub with big variation of beers, you can play billiard, chess and other games. Indoor is non-smoking, but there is a terrace where you can smoke. Personal is nice and quick, prices are normal. You can buy a beer from 1,30€ to 2€.\nHave a fun!', 'Very nice place, with nice landscapes, churches or other historical buildings. Almost evey second week there are some atractions sponzored by the townhall. In sum, very nice calm place with proper bars, restaurants with siting directly on the square.', '😱☺️', 'Super', 'I recommend, all for 1 🙂', 'I recommend it to everyone who has a request and a taste for good beer. Every Friday evening there is "country" music until 01:00 in the morning, I\'m drinking beer, Urpiner 10, Staroprameň Brno 12, Corgoň 10, at a price of €1.30.', 'Very bohemian and decadent.', 'Urpin 12° a Gambrinus 10°', 'Dirty smelly pub, village style.', "Varman didn't fire us, even though it was already after the final. (Respectively, he also tapped others.) Big +!", 'Great and friendly staff, especially owner, good beer and drinks', "A great business on the square in Banská Bystrica that has original spaces, whether it's a night bar or a terrace with an offer of fresh drinks, high standard and great service. Cheers 🥂", "Excellent atmosphere with excellent and professional service. It's been a long time since I've enjoyed mixology in Banská Bystrica. For a mixed drink, definitely come here. well thank you", 'Nice beer, pleasant service, great seating', 'Great company, nice staff. I recommend 👍', 'Pleasant service, everything top', 'A beautiful business with nice service 🤩 I recommend visiting.', 'A great business that was missing in the center of Banská Bystrica', 'Fantastic place to have a night out in Bistrica. I walled in around 11 pm and people were already dancing on the tables. Drinks are affordable and the atmosphere is just fantastic. The only thing I would possibly improve is the amount of staff behind the bar as you could wait to get served a while. Other than that.. the perfect place to get smashed and dance.', 'It is a good place to enjoy, but not everytime.Sometimes there can be fights and racist people :)', 'They kicked us 1.5 hours before closing time even if the pub was still almost full.', 'Cheap bar with rock or oldies music', 'Great Prazdroj. For me, the best beer in town right after the Academy.', 'Nice environment, for social events, excellent environment.', 'Great as always :) Definitely a must visit at any price.', "Something I've been looking for in Trnava for a long time", '5th anniversary of the founding of the club, good action, nice guys', 'Highly recommend, great bunch of people.', 'The perfect clubhouse for bikers and friends of this club', "Clubhouse where you won't leave thirsty. Alcoholic and non-alcoholic, snack. The advantage is a large parking lot.\nI recommend and will come again.", 'Super pivko skoda ze sa tu fajci', 'Nice ambience...I like it.😍', 'Not bad', 'Ok', 'Nice place to watch sports and have a couple a beers.', 'Good pub to go for a beer, great prices', 'A place full with locals, very cheap beer.', 'Love it ', 'Super', 'A classic estate "tavern" or a new pub. Nice, clean, nice service.', 'Perfect service, pleasant interior, fantastic beer', 'Excellent beer. Possibility of eating (Ermelín, drowning, sausage). And the beer again...', 'Great service,  good service,  beautiful bartender,  place to go!!!!', 'Cozy with great selection of beer as well as non-alcoholic beers and small things to nash', 'Nice bar, just waited little bit longer to be served', '👌', 'The best beer in Vrutki 👍😁', '', 'Rock', 'If this place ever gets resurrected let me know.. I have sneakers locked in there….', 'Everything is okay, but there has been a problem with the toilets for years, unfortunately people are to blame', 'The only ones open after 23.00', 'Very nice place to spend the time with friends.', 'Try the hermelin !', 'Beer very good. Pilsner, nice on tap, tasty, exactly as it should be. The waitress took good care of us. The price matched the quality. Satisfaction.', "A smaller, non-smoking establishment with a terrace. A good selection of alcoholic beverages and there is also draft beer and non-alcoholic draft beer. I also caught an offer for something light to eat, so it's worth a look.", "Place is nice and quiet and it's a much better option than sitting in overcrowded mall next to it. They offer snacks, beers, coffees and they even had nargilas. You can play darts and they have a lovely collection of vintage lamps in their windows. I would describe the place as warm and cozy.", "I go there all the time. They have great live music on Friday and Saturday. Not folk, but it is Serbian. The waiters are terrible and always try and scam you. Pay after every drink do not wait until the end of the night to pay. They do not give you actual receipts but somthisom they make in a computer. Their prices are not the same all the time. Yesterday I paid one price for a beer at 7 and 20 minutes later I paid a different price. The lines for the bathroom is always long and they only have 2 unisex bathrooms so even the guys have to wait a long time. if you don't mind all of this and crappy service GMP is a great place to go to", 'Nice and cozy place but stuff is not patient and rude to the customer. Also, bot everything from the menu is not available, we came for snack and there was no food available (Belvil location)', 'great place with good beer choice situated in the business district of New Belgrade, perfect for a coffee or a beer break from work', "Fine pub, nice and quite at the time we visited, fine service and polite staff, clean and a few beers on tap, great place to have a quick pit stop for our party as it's a reasonable walking distance from a few points of interest.\nWill note that I forgot inside smoking is still a thing in parts of the world, but this was not a problem here, could still smell but wasnt overwhelming", 'This place gives off a local pub atmosphere and I loved it! It spans two floors and feels like a chilled place away from the madness of the city to enjoy a few drinks.\n\nStaff and service are great and the drinks are very reasonably priced. Heavy pours and welcoming locals is what we experienced and why we will be coming back.', 'Cosy local pub. You can visit if you stay around here, otherwise no need to come', 'Great little pub with friendly staff. Definitely a place with regulars. Easy to lose a few hours here.', 'Actually we got just for coffee but I really enjoyed looking at the photographs on the walls.', 'Nice and quiet, just so you can enjoy your coffee.', 'Such a cute place with a fun and cool design. A real neighborhood gem. And they serve Turkish coffee!', 'best recommendation for BPR, it is "do jaja".', 'I must have walked past this place 30+ times and just not fancied it. It looks a bit too dark, a bit too smoky, not for me. I finally popped in on the hunt for some footy and was pleasantly surprised. Decent prices, pretty decently sized inside, various table options (small tables, large communal, raised counter tables) - definitely worth a shot if you are walking by.', 'Absolute brilliant pub. Staff very friendly and atmosphere was brilliant. Beer nice and cheap and even sell in litre glasses. Would highly recommend a visit to anyone that is near', 'The best pub in town! Has such authentic vibe! I love the lights and atmosphere. Music is cool and rockish. You can meet interesting people. A lot of foreigners!', "Great place to go out with your friends and have a couple of beers. They serve peanuts with the beer, which is awesome! There's a cool basement like room with a pool table as well!", 'Good beer, very decent food (I’ve tried Corner sausages and it’s really good). Definitely can recommend this place.', "It's close to bus station and it was one of the open places early in the morning. Staff was kind and food was good, price was normal. Kitchen serves untill 21.00 pm.", "It's really 5!\nTasty and low-salty food.\nA lot of type or beer.\nFriendly English speaker personal.\nGood air condition and range hood", "It's a restaurant design rather than a pub. Good sraff and usual local draft beer.", 'I believe this place is great at night when you wanna chill with a beer 🍺 As a restaurant, I’m not too sure.\n\nJolly Roger is ideal if you enjoy smoking cigarettes indoors where it’s dark during the day and appreciate ancient cliche rock music. We asked the waitress for a burger with lots of meat and this is what we got. It I was tasty and the price was good and the people who worked there were kind and helpful.', 'The food is fine, but the chicken could have been more fried.\nCosy place and the waiters are able to speak English 👌.', 'Nice atmosphere but service is not very good. They asked me to pay when I just started eating, and after that no one came to offer me another drink or something else, so I felt quite unwelcome here.\nAlso there were some pieces of bones in the sausage or smth like that, very hard. The cocktail tasted like water.', "Brilliant Burger, can't fault it. Fantastic menu variety and great value. Loved the chilled vibe, super relaxed and friendly", 'It’s a solid pub with a good selection of beers and rock music playing in the background. It gets busy. Chicken wings were mediocre.', "Very cozy, reasonably priced and even when it's full the staff is fast and professional.\nThey have a good selection of beer, liquor and mixed drinks.\nDidn't try the food but nachos were great.", 'Very laid back atmosphere, great selection of beers,dicent prices,rock and roll music - overall this pub is a hidden gem of Belgrade', "It's perfect ambient for rock and metal heads and people who appreciates real music, good vibe and of course, excellent beer!!\nThe staff is great, younglings with smile and great sence for humor, ready to serve you the way you should, we always leave a good tip for them!!\nIf you come here, you will want to go back over and over again!!", 'Last week I was in Belgrade on business meeting. During the day i met girl which promote Pub crawl and I took a flyer form her. After few hours i decide to go with them in hangover. This is absolutely amazing and I must repeat it next time!', 'Best experiance', 'Well-kept Salon 1905 restaurant in an enchanting location. Excellent international wine list and varied and extensive menu. Highly recommended', '', '', 'A perfect bar. Tons of cocktails, a great variety of beers, reasonable prices.', 'Really nice and cozy irish style of a pub. You feel like in a giant living room,with people chattering and sounds of games on TVs. They also have live music sometimes,and great selection of beer!', "Decent Bar vibes within the centre, though up an alley which aided the better environment. Sports are shown, though without sound, and the ambience overall is A+ with celtic music blaring non-stop. It's not too formal or too dive-like - so well balanced for all crowds.", 'absolutely great places with amazing staff, creating great atmosphere.\n\nlots of live music at night. great secluded place for chilling in the morning or early afternoon.\n\nit is The Place to get Guinness in Novi Sad.', 'Cocktails are good, but music is too loud! We can’t even hear each other', 'A "pop-art" spot in a quiet street of the city of Novi Sad.', 'Nice place with very hospitable stuff. Good for chilling', 'Nice', 'Really nice pub. Ambient is good, big, cool decorated.\nNice selection of beer and alcohol in general, and also coffee is good.\nThe guys are friendly, fast service, helpful and nice. Our waiter has his first day and that was not a problem, he was really quick and kind.\nFood is tasty, should try burgers, they are good and not expensive.\nRecommend this place.', 'Decent spot to enjoy a couple beers before or after a visit to Petrovaradin Fortress.', 'Nice and cozy place, nice music, but there is no any food and poor choice of beer', 'Nice place, small and not to loud', 'Very nice to relax and kaffa or drink. The service very good, I enjoy this place a lot', 'Great place to visit if you want to get stone-cold beer, chat with your friends or watch a game or two on the TV. Waitresses there are really polite and the quality of service is on a really high level. Would highly recommend Bratis to anyone passing by!', 'Fine place where you can feel like at home. Excellent music, good drink prizes, great atmosphere.', 'Nice local pub with good service. Quite busy place during weekend.', 'By far the best experience that I had in Novi Sad. The atmosphere is great, the personal is very friendly, and the deserts and drinks are just wow.', 'Pleasant atmosphere, great location, nice staff, and decent food. A little bit pricey. Overall a good place for dining out if you want to try interesting combinations of flavors and meat.', 'One of my favorite places to come grab a coffee or something to eat, 10/10 would recommend!', "An all right place. Would've been an easy recommend if the service was a tad faster.", "Very stylish bar with great vibes and really friendly staff. The music is cool and so are the people. They don't serve food, but as i saw, you are allowed to order from elsewhere and consume it here. Definitely  one of the best spots in Novi Sas. I would only suggest a little bigger variety of beers. Otherwise it is a perfect place.", "The most amazing place I've been in Serbia! The atmosphere is so welcoming and the service is immaculate. The wide range of craft beers ensures that everyone will find something for their taste. Special praise for everyone working at the bar!", 'Not a very large assortment of beer, but quite atmospheric place.  it is calm and cozy here, as if you came to the living room to your friends.', 'Great place. Relaxed, great choice of beer, nice music, super service.', 'Inadmissible for one "place".\nThe hostess at the entrance did not let two of my friends in because they were dressed in "sports", can you imagine?! Then, when I asked what the problem was, he continued to comment on the physical appearance.Very bad, purely sovinxtic.\nIf you are a tourist in the city, never let this place be your choice.', 'Extremely rude houstes!!! Their only jib is to seat people and be nice and even with that they are soooo rude.', 'Excellent restaurant for lunch and dinner, great ambience and amazing service \U0001faf1🏻\u200d\U0001faf2🏼📈', 'great place to go out in the city!', 'Nice location but the waiter was not really interested in any service at all', "A great selection of bears and spirits. They also make a very good Irish coffee (and they don't spare on whiskey). During the spring, summer and early autumn there are many tables outside, in the garden (and most of them are sheltered from the sun).", 'Nice place with good draft beer, recommended', 'Nice pub with a big garden and good selection of drinks. It’s located in a passage together with a burger restaurant and some other bars.', "If you want to taste fresh Serbian draft beer, and at the same time feel the atmosphere of a traditional pub's ambiance, you should visit this place.\nDuring the weekend I experienced pleasant light pop-rock music with two acoustic guitars.", 'Great rock gigs, cold beer and good atmosphere in this pub. I highly recommend it!', 'one of several rnr clubs in novi sad, friendly staff, excellent atmosphere and cold beer.', "Great atmosphere with everyone singing along to the evening's act (two guys with guitars evidently giving expert renditions of popular Serbian songs!). The beer was decent (though not a huge choice on tap). It gets packed but local punters are happy to share tables with strangers just passing by. Great service, with the waitress joining in with a shot or two. And of course smoking is thankfully allowed! A great place to chill and get away from the loud nightclubs neighbouring the pub.", 'Nice selection of craft beers, but it used to be better. There were more people there. Nice place to visit, with interesting decoration.', 'Nice pub, good beer, you can sit inside and outside.  No food menu, only a small selection of snacks.', "Great craft beer variety. I recommend Akira beer and Honey I Am Drunk. These are my favourites. It's a small local pub in the heart of Novi Sad. If sitting outside you can also order food from a restaurant next door.", 'Cool pub with great selection of craft beers.', 'Very nice place, especially for the ones who like rock music and alternative places. A bar with a soul and cool atmosphere, prices are very reasonable and staff is polite. Recommend!!', 'Wide selection of drinks, great music.\nBest pub in city center!', 'Pretty nice here. The lemonade is very good. Nice view.', 'Not bad for drinks, but the owner of the bar may suddenly ask you to empty the chair you have been sitting in for 40 minutes, just because it is required for his friends who came. No advance warning, no desire to solve the problem, very aggressive behavior!\n\nFor the first time in Serbia I see such aggression.', 'A shame for a city that is called the capital of culture. An illegal building in an undefended part of the Danube, bill, what is bill?', '', '', '', 'Great place, casual, often has live music.', "Great! Live music is played here very often (good live music may I add). The staff is organized and nice to the customers. And mostly yound people, students come here so if you're looking for a happy youthful atmosphere you've come to the right place! Music and cheerful surroundings - everything you need in life!", 'We went there to have a cup of coffee during the day, outside and it was good. We also went there during their live performance, at night. The staff was different and completely clueless when it comes to cocktails they were advertising. Disappointing and waste of money.', "Excellent place for a night out. It's not expensive and allways full. Tuesdays and Fridays have live music.", 'Good location, good coffee, good music...', 'Good location, well laid out garden. Helpful waiters.', 'A nice quiet place where you can have a coffee or a drink to relax in a conversation because the ambiance of the location as well as the friendly staff make you feel comfortable', 'Nice and they try, but the menu is full of complicated titles and foreign expressions', 'Great service, good domestic coffee', "Not so brilliant experience at the moment I was there. The whole place is lying in the basement so mobile signal is very weak and Wi-fi wasn't working then either. I felt like blind. Plenty of food though, at reasonable prices as usualy in town of Niš which I already can see as an attractive tourists destination in future. Under circumstances that local auctorities lift up town's outlook.", "Great beer, nice atmosphere, looks really cool, prices are solid, unfortunately the last time I was there (end of April) they didn't serve food, hopefully they change that soon.", 'Perfect place to hang out with your friends and have a beer 🍻', 'We have been at the city only for an hour and had coffee by the river. I just wanted to say how friendly, polite and helpful was the staff. Thank you!', 'Slow ordering, slow delivery of food and when finally the food arrived, it was not what i ordered.', 'Cool live Music, Nice beers, and very beautiful place. Also staff was very friendly!', "LOVE This Place!! Super casual vibe with a great variety of live entertainment every night. The new menu is AmAZing!! The beef burger is 250gr and so tender and lean. It arrives on a stone platter with a separate wooden covered container. Inside awaits the most delicious, smothered and perfect burger I've ever had. Even the cutlery and napkin is placed on a stone platter. Excellent food and fantastic prices. Best place in town and especially on the river!", 'Corona pivo 0,33 - 800 dinara :D Grcka, Halkidiki, hotel 5* 5 eura :D eksluzivno\n\nthere are no pricing trends in the region with the price this high, thats what I am sure of', 'Very nice ambient, and they have some cool offers! You should try the Café+Raspberry offer. Cheap price and tasty drinks!!', 'Great atmosphere and hospitality! Especially for those of you like us passing by with your motorcycles 😃 don’t miss a chance to exhange a few words with the owner! Will be definitely back when in town, see you!', 'Fantastic spot, super friendly staff, and the best carrot cake ever!!!', "It is a hidden place, you can reach by an elevator. I have surprised how big is this place, and its fancy. At te evening the place got full, there wasn't free table. The staff was correct they spoke english and they were fast enough. We have tasted a Hamburger with bluecheese and Fish and chips. The burger was very good! The toilette is not clean enough and so small for this big place. They have a non smoking part, but it has a little smoke smell.", "Great place for a date or just hang out with friends. good choice of cocktails, and they even have non alcoholic ones, and that's rare for nis.\nFusion kitchen and food are incredibly yummy, excellent vegan choices. My fav go-to place.", "I mean, it's not the worst place. Prices are sky high. Food is okay. My pasta was quite disappointing (it was cooked pasta, cheese grated on top and a few pieces of bacon - no sauce in any form, just dry) but my grandma liked her masala. But my grandpa's burger was completely raw in the middle", "Experience a stunning sunset in their garden. The restaurant is located on top of a building in the center of Nis.\n\nThe food is amazing, well prepared. My recommendation would be any of the burgers 🍔that they offer.\n\nSome tables are reserved for lunch/dinner so you can't sit anywhere unless you plan to have a meal. There is a non-smoking zone, smoking zone and a graden with an open roof.\n\nIf you want to enjoy food with a nice view, I highly recommend this place 😉. Great restaurant/caffe in general, but a bit on the pricy side for Serbia.", 'Located on the very busy pedestrianised street this is a great location to sit outside in the sun and watch the world go by. There’s a good amount of seating outside, some under cover from the sun, and plenty inside too. The staff are all super friendly and welcoming and with the music from the bars adjacent there’s a good atmosphere without anything being over bearing. One of the best options in the area and I’ll certainly be back!', 'A classic rock pub, a solid selection of beers as well as other beverages.  great location in the city center next to the pedestrian zone.  Average prices.  Good service, friendly staff.  there is a smoking area.  It has a garden on the pedestrian section.', "Classic pub, nothing special but nothing bad either.\n\nOnly complaint is the general cleanliness of the womans bathroom\nStandard, maybe a bit higher, prices for drinks.\nFood I cannot comment on because I've only had the peanuts with my beer :)", 'Black beer and hot wine💜 Amazing staff, lovely music and atmosphere ☺️', 'A wonderful place, after a long night walk we were looking for somewhere to sit and drink and we find this place.\nEverybody smiling, toilets are clean.\nThank you🖖', 'A unique place! Here you can have a drink with a view of Skupština. It already leaves a lasting impression that you can sip rakija near the main building of the country. The rakija is great and the bartenders are friendly.', 'Great beer, but slow service', 'Perfect coffee, always fresh draft beer, Great music...', 'Get 1 litre of beer. #NoRagrats', 'Located in the center, great atmosphere,  various dishes taste amazing, pleasnt staff, music , in the night live music! One down side dough, not great choice of Vine.', 'Great atmosphere, extremely pleasant staff, decent variety of drinks (both strong and light variants). Lounge music can be a bit loud, but you can talk normally wuhout the need to raise your voice', 'Amazing atmosphere and food... Great service 😀😀😀💯💯💯', 'Great vibe inside and out! burgers are really good as well as the appetizers! My wife and I live ordering the homemade chips as well 🔥 lots of beer choices obviously too! It’s a really good price for quality of food and vibes of the place! We go regularly when we want a burger or beer!', 'You have to try it!!! BeerLand Pub, probably the best Pub in Belgrade. Amazing beer selection with always adding new beers. Very welcome stuff. Food is unexpectedly good for that kind of food restaurant!!! For beer lovers and all others it is strongly recommended!!!', 'They are pet friendly, which is the most important thing for me', 'Best pub in belgrade, great value for money', "Excellent pub in the city center. Good selection of drinks, very affordable.\n\nThe staff is really pleasant. Very attentive, very fast. All in all, a bunch of good people.\n\nThere's an indoor section, which is alright, but the highlight is the garden area. Great atmosphere, good amount of seating.\n\nThe place is mostly frequented by locals, but I've seen one or the other tourist here.\n\nThe only thing which would make this place even better, would be longer hours, say til 4am.", 'Waiter is homophobic, He came out of nowhere and started to insult my girlfriend and me cuz we are gay. He threatened us, that if we do “that” again (kiss) that he would throw us out.', 'Don’t listen to these LGBTQ+- warriors who are trying to be offended and make it look like they are targeted everywhere, place is wonderful.', 'Probably the worst place i’ve been to. The staff was so rude and the drinks were not that good also. Not a pleasant experience here.', "I love this place! The staff is always very friendly and great, the service is fast (whether you're ordering food or just drinks). There is a great variety of everything here- beers, other alcoholic beverages, food(there are vegetarian options as well), coffee...  The prices are pretty good too and the decor indoors and outdoors is awesome. During the day it's not busy at all, and you can work on your laptop/read/study in peace.", 'Nice cozy atmosphere. Staff is really nice and friendly. Great for non-private parties. Home beer is really good, definetelly a recommendation. Seems that food is nice, though I have not tried any. But food on other tables seemed nice.\nBest pub in this area of Belgrade, so far for me. Only thing that I have missed is bar stools at bar, not enough.', 'Stumbled across this place more by accident than on purpose and was meant to be just a quick stop on a longer pub crawl, but it was so good, we stayed all night. The atmosphere is amazing, they had a really good live band in and the food looked spectacular as well. Definitely will be back here again.', 'Friendly service and nice pub food. Excellent beer selection.', "Funny waiters, tasty (and strong) craft beer and a homely atmosphere. There's nothing more for a student like me to want.", 'Great place great beer. Try their blueberry! Bad opening hours on sundays but its ok', "This is actually black turtle pub, which is great place for good beer that doesn't cost a fortune.", 'Excellent beer. Even with some friot flavors.', 'This old bar is still kicking strong. Decent selection of drinks and also very good food of you need a quick snack. Many similar places in Belgrade have lost their character by leaning towards more general public, but IMHO this one still preserves some of its old spirit.', "After many visits I've decided to share a humble opinion about this place...\nIt's the perfect place to chill with friends, do a job or have a meeting, as you can have an actual conversation, without being interupted by staff or by loud music. Indoors or outdoors, both have quite decent ambiance, so the Pub has to offer both, based on your own preference..\nDespite the fact that the place is not luxurious, it still definitely deserves a 5 ⭐ rate based on experience after many visits.", 'Shared a night with 50 other South Africa fans watching the rugby WORLD CUP', 'Excellent authentically English pub. Great atmosphere, lovely staff and great beer garden out front.', 'I spent a few hours here yesterday hiding from the rain. All off the staff were nice and always had a smile. The beer was never cold though which was disappointing! I ordered food, typical bar snack of nachos! Went for the nachos party, which I can tell you was a pretty poorly organized party to say the least. It was bland, boring, missing the main characters (guac, salsa, cheese) and just a complete let down if I’m honest.', 'This is truly a beautiful Irish Pub with huge selection of Beers and Drinks. A band playing at entrance life music. Seats inside in two levels and outside. Fast bar keepers. A soccer kicker upstairs and a dart game makes friends... Had a wonderful time in this bar! Strongly recommend to visit this beautiful place in center of old Belgrade!', "Atmosphere of bar is great, also cocktails :) Bulldog margarita was our favorite. I could recommend Harat's lager as beer. Workers were friendly. Generally, thanks.", 'Pretty cool Irish pub in a busy area of Belgrade. Waiters were friendly and the atmosphere was nice. A good selection of beers and good music. I’m sure people will enjoy it. The only bad thing is the smell of cigarettes inside since they allow smoking', 'Bad staff, low service. I asked if they have domestic rakija, she said ofcourse and brought me some kind of "poison" rakija. And on top of that, i had to pay right after she brought drinks even though i was sitting inside ( winter time ).\nCheap place.\nThere are many better places closeby, i do not recommend coming here !', 'Nice quiet place for a drink. Nothing fancy but nice interior and terrace', "I'm a simple man, if it's not allowed to smoke, I give 5 stars.", 'Very lovely place.Every sunday live music and great atmosfere.Not expensive.', 'Went once, had some beers with friends and some finger food. Decent place to hang out at night. 4 star coz a lot of stuff can be better but all in all i would recommend this place to go out for a beer with friends. Music was rock/pop .\nFor some reason they have hostess in a pub ? :)', "If you're a scotch and cocktail fanatik this the place. Just make sure to see what's on the shelves or ask bartender for choices. Waiters don't know the scotch list so you have to find out yourself.", 'An amazing place with big beer selection and great food, but awfuly loud music! The waiters are very helpful and overall service is great. There are usually quite a few people here later during the day, and especially during the weekend, so be sure to have reservation if you are coming in larger number. The prices are also quite reasonable.\nEdit: Its still an amazing place, but the music inside is extremely loud, that you can barely talk.', 'Great place to have drink and food. Every time I visit Serbia, this is place I spent with fiends. Gabriela waiter makes our stay always amazing.', 'This bar is the best one on all of Belgrade.\n\nThe barman Jovan took great care of us and the drinks are genuine with a great selection of cocktails and other spirits. Of course the classic plum Rakija and ye old B52 🔥\n\nHighly recommended for group events, night outs and a special place for trivia nights.\n\nHighly recommended!!!', 'Lovely small pub with bar stools with armrests and backs. A good bartender Ivan who helps you with drink selection. Lovely music.', 'Live(!) music, pop-rock, great atmosphere! Owners and staff super friendly!', 'Excellent place, nice atmosphere and well designed. Staff is very kind.', "Very nice place, a bit on the rustic rock-'n'-roll side located in the heart of Belgrade. Nice and imaginative decoration.\nService was a bit slow, but we came in to relax and take a break from a hectic day anyway.", 'Really good range of cocktails and other drinks - decently priced but not a fancy sophisticated environment, more of a relaxed vibe which I prefer. Visited here twice whilst in Belgrade and sampled a lot of cocktails!', 'This place have been her for decades.\nThey have one of the best cocktails in the city and prices are fair.\nWhoever is visiting the city and looking for a good pre-party bar or just to hang out with a friends,this is definelty a place for you.\nCheers 🥂', 'The best: the salads 🥗.  A great variety of food, actually. From salads to pizza and ice cream so it is perfect for breakfast, lunch or dinner. I tried the chicken salad with avocado 🥑, it was delicious and enough for one person.', 'The place is nice, but the waiters sit and smoke and chat instead of dealing with customers. You have to wait a long time to order. Apart from the indifference of the waiters, the place is nice.', "Even though it's February, it's Wednesday, and it's 22:00 and there's no place to sit. There are two floors and both floors were occupied, Luckily a table was vacant and we were able to find space. A nice bar filled with locals and tourists. Drinks are good, service is fast, prices are reasonable, I recommend it to everyone, thank you Red Bar.", "It's always pretty crowded. For this reason, the service can sometimes be slow and you may have to wait for 15-20 minutes.  Cigarette smoke is annoying time to time.\n\nBUT! I loveeee their Black Russian cocktails. Red Bar can be preferred as there is no open bar around until late.", 'Easily the best bar in the Belgrade Bohemian street. The staff is extremely friendly and the selection of cocktails is top notch, totally recommended.', 'I was positively impressed by the speed of preparing and serving cocktails\nThe staff was friendly\nThe place was not crowded though all tables were reserved and occupied\n\nThe garden is really nice\n\nDefinitely will come back\n\nUpdate - I’m back )))', 'The cocktails are just okay, nothing special. I didn’t like the strong cigarette smell inside of the bar and the staff could be more polite. I There are far better cocktails in Belgrade', 'Nice atmosphere, but the waiter was not really polite so 4 ⭐', 'I liked the vibes, the garden, and even the cat!', 'We had a sour beer with cherry and one with kiwi/lime, which were both really good! There’s a lot of different beers to choose from. I recommend trying the cherry one. There is a great atmosphere and many seating options inside and outside. As a bonus there was a really cute cat outside. This is truly a hidden gem that we found on our last night in Belgrade', 'We came in the evening to grab a beer.  This is petfriendly place that huge garden suitable for families as well.\n\nI tried their raspberry beer.  If you like sour flavors, try it! 😍😍😍\n\nThe only problem is the mosquitoes, which are too many.\n\nP.S: Beers are self service.', 'Good brewery with lager, ale, APA, Ipa, ne ipa, double types. Food overpriced a little.\nVery good music and wibe', 'Good selection of home brewed beer and also beer from other breweries, self service bar. Good selection of food items. Patio and indoor seating options. Takes credit cards.', 'It may look like your average neighborhood pub, but Bazar is anything but!\nAlthough not the largest of pubs, it packs all the key ingredients in - a good selection of real ales, friendly knowledgeable staff, and a great atmosphere. 👌👌👌\n\nI wandered in with two friends on a Friday night and was immediately greeted by the friendly staff and incredible aroma of unusual cocktails. The pub was filling up quickly (it was almost 9:00 pm) but we managed to snag a table. 😎\n\nTo produce good, interesting cocktails at keen prices, rather than just cheap, standard fare, is not easy, but Bazar Pub manages it. 🤷\u200d♂️\n\nGive it a go 👍', "I didn't try the food but the cocktails are very nice and they are very descriptive about what they put in there. They also ask you what taste you would like so they can make you a recommendation.", 'Only good to say, artsy friendly place with amazing location. Great variety of drinks, friendly staff and amazing atmosphere.', 'Very nice place, good service, nice cocktails, good prices.', "Good options for beer, ranging from more fruity brews to laggers to stronger craft brews, not too expensive. Also good options for food, ranging in prices depending on how much you planned to eat. Food is high quality and its worth the price. Lovely atmosphere, beautiful garden and friendly staff. Its near the social center of the city but in a quiet area, so its a pretty good spot to stop by while waiting in the city. Owner is also really friendly and doesn't sit in an office and actually works with the staff. Also a good spot if you don't speak Serbian, there always seems to be someone who speaks English and sometimes German.", 'Amazing place, with a very cool staff who know their beer! The place has an APA beer brewed exclusively for them, which is a must have. All in all, if you happen to be nearby, pop in and enjoy it for yourself!', 'Best place to try beers from all around serbia and the world. Has outdoor seatung and indoor too. Can get busy but seats atvtge bar are an option too. Fab athmosphere and music too . Good for kids too early evenings and afternoons', "Beer is excellent, you must try Mexican Mix it's a must have with beer.", 'Good restaurant. Traditional cuisine with 👌 vegan choices, good and polite staff, all best.', 'Ok', '10/10', 'Super', "It's amazing,lots of beer choices , nice scenery, polite waiters", 'Lots of beer to taste and a professional staff.', 'The best beer bar in Zrenjanin. Good choice of craft beers. Good atmosfhere and music.', 'Good ambient, nice people...', 'The best!!!!!', 'I grew up in this tavern with old friends and our unforgettable owner Paja!!', 'Nostalgia for old times. I leave room for new generations.', 'Nice local 😊', 'Good food for little money', 'Top!', 'The restaurant is nice and well equipped with benches and seats for eating.\nThe guys who welcome us are all extremely kind and helpful.\nWe had dinner on two evenings with our 3 dogs and we were able to choose a position at the table on the sidelines so as not to disturb other customers.\nDinner was great. All very good.\nI advise.', "I've been coming back for years. The owner Mattia is easygoing and willing to dialogue with the customer. Very good appetizers also for honest prices.\nThe kitchen recommends eating spaghetti allo scoglio. The friendly and active staff.", 'Great craft beer bar! Although they dont have so many Italian beers (6-7 out of 33) well thats a sign maybe that this bar is a genuine local-people oriented bar. Amongst the Italian beers you will find some very-local ones. Awesome PUB-food  stuff with an Italian touch. Great service even when the bar is stuffed!  A must have for every beer aficionado in the area!', 'Excellent selection of craft beers from around Italy and further afield. Burgers are awesome... Large portions and about 30 different varieties of burgers including wild pork and fish burgers.', 'Fob is a big restaurant that offers you a large variety of beers from a lot of countries.\nAlso, serves good food that comes in big portions.\nAnd has some interesting decorations with beer cans from around the world.', "Fantastic selection of beers and decent food. The portions are generous so come with an appetite. Prices are reasonable and service was quite good. Only 3 stars because 1. Food could definitely use some seasoning 2. Perhaps suggestions of beer and food combination? I liked the beer I picked but it didn't go with the food at all.\nBook if you come at the weekend", 'Nice atmosphere, good music, very good beer ( especially the red one )', 'Is there a job available for you?', 'Awesome place to go out for a "Double Saporito" and XL lemon Tea but if love beers then go fire yourself up... Good quality bit pricey but hey nothing is perfect... Give it a shot well worth it ...', "Best Old Fashion English Pub! One of the oldest in San Marino! My favorite: California Sandwich+London' s Ice Thè", 'An ok bar/restaurant. A server insisted on showing us into the"pub". There was no one there at the time but he offered us the choice of only two tables. (Would have preferred a seat by the window.) Didn\'t eat, however the German lager was acceptable - though pricey - and came with complimentary crisps and popcorn.', "A great club with very nice people. We had a lot of fun there and wish to come back sometime in future. We were looking for a karaoke bar and accidentally found this one - we really recommend it! And they checked our green passes - that's really great of them, made us feel safer", 'Tasty food and quick service.\nAll dishes were tasty', 'Fabulous pub in Rimini.\nWell worth a visit', 'A clean bowling alley with everything that is necessary to have good training or fun session. Nothing too fancy, but more than enough.', 'As always very nice place, awesome for families with kids all the way up to grown old ehmmm 😂 anyway food is great just walk in the pub and let it roll... Bit expensive but hey cannot have it all....', "Beautiful area. Great Customer service.  Call ahead if travelling hours away to ensure facilities are open. Didn't open until an hour later than posted on website.", 'huge arcade +bowling alley, with space for kids, lots of pinball machines, good draft beer, and pub food.', 'Don’t eat here. This place is an embarrassment to Italian food culture.\nThe reviews that says that the food is good must be fake.\nThe magerita pizza was absolutely terrible and the hamburgers tasted like seafood. Confirmed mystery meat patties.\nWe couldn’t even finish the meal out of pure disgust.', 'Super tasty drinks and amazing snacks you get with them. The choice is huge and staff is very friendly!! Loved it here.', 'Perfect, so nice and the service is top! Such a good price for everything, worth every penny 😍', 'Very nice place, and delicious food plates! come here, take a drink and enjoy Grande Aperitivo! Some drinks are very strong.. ;) the food is beautiful served and tasty. It will be the night you never forget!', 'Really nice place, I defnitely recommend it for few good drinks! The bartender mixes with taste love and style. The waitresses are lovely and smiley, real Italian treasures! Make sure to take a Irish bomb for the latest guests they deserve it and the bar knows how to make them properly! Recommend it surely. Cheers guys', 'Nice quality and right price for food and drinks.', 'Top!!!', 'Great cocktails!', 'A restaurant which open early than other (19:00). Inside look high-class , friendly staff with  speaking , Foods serve on times & ok , only not happy was the beer not come with full glass, bubbles 1/3 , base on it cost 6-7 dollars . Other things all good .', 'The best coffee in the center of Rimini! The staff is super friendly and polite and they are ready to help you with all your needs! And very important the food is really good and they made amazing cocktails!', 'good piadina and great location. the cheeseboard is ok.', 'I liked this cafe. Full of Energy and the cofe is  great. Good serves.', 'I don’t recommend. The service is not good, waitresses is disinterested. Food is good, but not look like in a menu.', "The service here made me want to avoid this place. Even though i live nearby and it is one of the closest places to come hang out, i choose not to. I've been here at least 3 or 4 times and had the same problem. The waitress has a really bad attitude towards the customers and even has fights with the other employees. The food is okay, nothing special.", "Good service, the waiter would constantly keep an eye on my beer level, and a big plus for me is the non-alcoholic wheat beer.\n\nThe nachos were great, but the fish and chips was a hoax, the fish was the frozen type, not made with proper batter. Not acceptable for a proper Irish pub themed place! Furthermore the beef schnitzel is see-through. There were a couple of folks having some nice looking sausage, fries n pickles dishes.\n\nAbout the atmosphere, the place is nice and could watch a rugby game, however there's a noisy glass cube kind of terrace right in front of the entrance playing loud music, totally unpleasant.", 'The service was not that friendly despite what looks like a cozy old venue.\nLots of beer choices, with guiness and local beer on tap; we tried a whiskey cocktail but it tasted like mango juice; jalapeno nachos were quite salty and the cheese and sauces tasteless', 'Black Angus steak 🥩, recommended. Brisket cheese and fries also tasty. Beer on top!', "Me and my boyfriend asked for the lunch menu. The pumpkin soup was really liquid. The 4 formaggio pasta was one of the worst plates I've ever tasted. It only tasted like cream and no cheese or salt. The crispy chicken is much better on KFC for sure. My plate was almost full when they picked it up and they didn't even bothered to ask what was wrong with it or why I didn't eat it. Really disappointing. Honestly just a tourist trap, but the beer is nice.", 'Everything that we eat and the service was amazing. I totally recommend this place . Especially if you are a first time tourist in Romania.', 'Beef Tagliata with zucchini and cherry tomato is excelllent, I ordered medium cooked. Very friendly staff. Fully recommended.', "The food is full of flavors and the employees are open but still full of professionalism. It's a lovely place!", 'We stopped here for lunch. Nice place and friendly servers. The food was good.', "Huge change in fortunes here, I visited 3 years ago and it was terrible.  However now it is a super little place, great decor, reasonable prices for food and drink, relaxing atmosphere with polite and welcoming staff, if you're in the area you must drop in for some food and drinks.", 'The food is very tasty. The staff speak English and you can pay with card. Prices are reasonable. The special beef snitzel is very yummy. The cheesecake is a must try too. The only thing that I would recommend to the waiters is not to check all the time whether they can take your plates. Not everyone is fast eater:)', 'Prices are way too high for this kind of food and dish sizes! Guy with the sunglasses inviting people in is pure cringe. ✨ Good location.', 'Great place to chill in the old town, atmosphere is awesome.\nThe food was great, proper fish n chips, and the service was spot on.\nThey also serve non-alcoholic Paulaner which is my favorite.\nThe prices are a bit on the spicy side being in the old town.', "Good food, good beer, nice atmosphere. Usually Irish pubs keep up the good quality. Service could be definitely better but in my opinion it's the managers fault not the employees. Overall you can try.", "Very nice pub, good rock music, down to earth prices, good beer and some interesting whiskies in their selection.\nMost of the customers while we were there were expats or tourists but it's really not a tourist trap.\nThey have another level under ground which seemed to cater for parties and events and different kind of music.", 'Totally worth it! The guy that served us was super super cool and polite. The bug beer costed almost 2 euros. And if you sit outside you have a nice view of the old city street while sitting inside you have a nice ambience. Definitely sit there for a beer 🍺 if you are tired from strolling the old city.', 'One of the bests bar in the old town! Atmosphere is nice, there are many options for beer, food is very tasty and service is the best!', 'A good place to have a drink, nice view of one of main streets from Bucharest Old Town. It is not a place for eating but you can grab something if you are hungry.', "Really excellent bar in Bucharest's Old Town. Good music and atmosphere. Daniel is a fantastic host who made us feel at home with excellent advice on local craft beers and great conversation. Best Guinness in Bucharest!", "One of the best places in town. Food is delicious with a real irish touch. Looks authentic and the personnel is really friendly. There are nights with music and dance and nights with football games. Whatever happens, it's always fun.", 'Very nice pub, really enjoyed the Guinness beer', 'Good beers and tasty food. The local is nice and people too.', 'Good imported beers variety. Nice atmosphere and tasty food', 'Very nice Pub with friendly staff and good atmosphere. The prices are really good for location of the Pub, much better than the others. They have really fresh Guinness..', 'The service is excellent. We chose this restaurant because it was cooler than the others from the area thanks to the water splashing the terrace. The ribs were amazing and for me one serving was more than enough. I also ordered gin Prosecco, and the fruits from it were all fresh and delicious. They were really nice and allowed us to change seats when the sun reached our table.', "The wine was awful, but the service was good and it's a nice location. We only went in for the novelty and because we had time for one drink but I can't say I'd be racing back", 'Hello 👋 Visited this cafe 2 times already.\nI liked the food with pork.  Pasta carbonara is delicious.  I didn’t like the fish salad, I didn’t like the onion in large pieces and the salad dressing.  but it is clear that this is all an amateur.\nthe staff is polite.', "Overall, an ok place to go out with friends or discover Bucharest's Old Town.\nThe place is neat, spotless actually, the bathrooms are clean and the service is fast. The staff is helpful, polite and speaks English.\nThere are some tables outside and frankly, they're more enjoyable; the inside seating is more somber, dark even, making a sunny day not that wonderful.\nThe overall quality and experience is OK, the only thing missing being more beverage variety.\nThe prices are high, but that's the trend in the Old Town.", 'Music far to loud no atmosphere, very little air conditioning  and very poor choice of beers. Took 15 minutes to pay, avoid many  nicer bars in area', 'There are plenty of pubs down the street. It is one of them which serves decent food and desert. The price is more expensive as well.', 'Lovely place and great atmosphere!!', 'Good food, a multitude of tastes in one dish. Excellent service, many thanks to Miki, who maintained the atmosphere and served us food with lots of smiles and kind words. If you are good customers, a row of shots from the house!', 'Was there during Saturday, the service was very fast, i can say the burger was the best in town and the fries with parsley were amazing! I totally recomand this place for burgers.', "Short story:\nFood is tasty, service is horrible.\n\nLong story:\nI recently had the unfortunate experience of dining at The Temple Social Pub, and while I must admit that the food was indeed tasty, the appalling service left a bitter taste in my mouth. My wife and I were excited to try out this place due to its positive reputation for good food, but the overall experience left much to be desired.\n\nUpon arriving, we were promptly seated, and we decided to order both food and drinks. To our dismay, the drinks we ordered were never served to us. We waited patiently, assuming it might have been a simple oversight, but as time passed, it became evident that our drinks were not coming. We tried flagging down a server to inquire about our order, but they appeared to be preoccupied and rarely made their way to our table.\n\nEventually, after what felt like an eternity, we went to bar to ask for our bill. However, even that turned out to be an ordeal. To our dismay, when the bill finally arrived, we were shocked to see that we were charged for the drinks we never received. It was frustrating to think that we had paid for something we didn't even enjoy. When we attempted to explain the mistake to the waiter, they seemed dismissive and uninterested, making the whole situation even more unpleasant.", 'Loved my time at The Temple! Our waiters Mario and Alexandra were both great! The food was delicious, the prices were reasonable and the beer was great! I highly recommend it!', 'I stop by here every couple weeks, staff is exceptionally friendly, remember your drink and the sporting events are all visible on their 9 screens around the bar.', 'Cool pub to stay at, cocktails are good. We went 3 times here during our trip and they openned earlier for us today because we wanted a cocktail after our walk ! Waiters are nice !', "Reservation is a must and come with 1 hour earlier, at least 1 hour before a big game because they don't keep reservation even you have made one before for a specific time.\n\nGreat place for atmosphere. Average food. Good beer. Perfect for sport watching, every kind of sport", 'Cool place to see F1!', 'Awesome service, nice atmosphere, cool people.', 'Great little bar with fantastic escape room above. Good prices and friendly.', "One of the few pubs in the area. Nice atmosphere, good drinks. You can order pizza from a nearby Domino's", 'Very nice neighbourhood bar and terrace. Good products, friendly and quick staff, wifi device to call the waiter. The espresso could be better.', 'Great food and service, best food we had so far in Bucharest!', 'The baked potatoes with rosemary had dark spots which had a bad taste. My stomach ached after eating them. Really not recommend them.', 'A twin of Primus, but with different design. Also cool and awesome', 'Read the reviews and walked here as close to my hotel, well priced beer (18 each just don’t expect the 2 change 😂) and barman was friendly enough, to be honest wished I’d stayed for food as instead wandered to the “old town” which was a waste of my time/money (would’ve given 5 stars had the barman at least offered me my 2 change which I would’ve left him anyway!)', 'Great food, the pasta is delicious! The Sangria a must try, it will send you right to Spain. Thank you for the great atmosphere!', 'Very cosy and charming location. The staff was very nice and customer orientated, we asked them if we could another table and even if they were booked they found a solution to accommodate our needs. The ribs are amazing and the limonade, unbelievable good', 'It’s a nice place, although it struggles too much to resemble a rural british restaurant. Overall it’s very cosy and a nice place to eat something or just have a drink with some friends. The food is very diverse ranging from appetizers, soups, pasta to grilled meat, all kinds of fish dishes and other.', "A disappointed experience, I visit it 5 years, this time a overcrowded with a single person service, an event upstairs,long wait for food and over charge for a 2pers. dish(152lei)in meniu 139, pieces of meat missed, really awfully experience. I have a 6years old cries for one mititel in that dish and they're not willing to accommodate it.A two persons dish should have two pieces of meat. Very disappointed experience for service.", "TLDR version: if you knew it and loved it, it's best to stay away nowadays.\n\nIn the past 5-7 years this was a go-to place for good food and affordable prices (for city center standards). Knowing that, I'm just coming from an embarrassing experience with foreign friends who were looking forward to the Romanian hospitality, good cooking and the aforementioned decent prices.\n\nApart from the general atmosphere which still works, for the food and service we were provided we definitely paid about 3-4x the deserved price. To showcase: find the black tiger in the paella, the prosciutto and pouched eggs in the breakfast plate.", 'It’s been a while since I’ve been here, but I was surprised in a positive way. The food was good, big portions. The atmosphere is very cosy. The people are very friendly. I enjoyed my night out with my friends!', "Well placed in the city, friendly staff. Otherwise too expensive for what it's being offered. If not for the sweet taste, the burger I had might have been good. Limited vegetarian choice with average taste.", 'Awful out of date food and bad service. I complained about the thai chicken (which is supposed to be a highly rated dish) and they made no effort to put it right, then continued to put it on the bill. My partner ordered the ribs, which was edible, less than mediocre. Lacks cleanliness too. Loads of nice spots in the area, this one can definitely be missed.', "I recently ordered a hamburger from this place, and unfortunately, it turned out to be one of the most disappointing meals I've ever had. The bun was extremely dry, lacking any moisture, and the meat was overcooked without any consideration for my preferred level of doneness as they didn't bother to ask. Meet fell significantly short of the advertised 400 grams they claimed to offer. On the positive side, the beer I ordered was decent, although it didn't do much to salvage the overall experience. Shortly, looks OK yet barely eatable.", "Later Edit:\n\nBeen here again, the food is good/very good however, not everything.\n\nWe had a burger, some garlic bread+ stuff and ribs. The ribs were arguably the best in Cluj, on par with the ones from Euphoria, if not better. However, the fries that came with the burger and ribs were average and the burger itself was average, the garlic bread + stuff was also really good.\n\nGood service, good atmosphere, overall a nice place to go to, slightly crowded when sitting down.\n\nHappy to see it hasn't gone done in quality from 2/3+ years ago since I have been here, that's quite rare.", 'The best Irish Pub in Cluj-Napoca!\n\nAuthentic design, great prices, amazing pints and sizings, good food in satious portions and quick serving!\n\nWe had a mixed platter for two, a club sandwhich and a chicken mayo with a brown big pint, angelo porretti 4, and a papaya lemonade! They were wonderful!\n\n10/10 Would highly recommend!', 'Great place to have a drink, especially if you only speak English.  Service was great and friendly.', 'Food is flavorless, cooked properly, but it lacks flavour. This place used to be packed with flavour, but a few years flue by and chef might have changed. Good deals for drinks.', 'Very cozy place, a lot of tables, fairly priced. The atmosphere is nice, 70s to 90s music. The toilets are pretty clean. I usually visit this place for the spicy wings, they are delicious.', 'Location is great, very central and accessible.\nFood is good and portions are decent and prices are appropriate. For instance last time I checked a beef salad had the same price as the chicken salad in some other nearby restaurants.', 'It was difficult for me to accept that in a city like Cluj there still exist places where one can be refused their order!\nI am vegetarian and even though I ordered a platter the server said he cannot serve just a side dish next to it.\nI had the same issue many years ago, but it was hard for me to accept that it is still an issue!\nThey only had meat dishes to be served by the sides…and they literally do not serve you if you cannot eat meat! I could not believe it!!!\nRomania is a country where people still fast - and the period is close (in just a few days)…and still they will not quit some absurd policies…\nSo disappointing!\nAnd the restaurant was almost empty - incredible that they preferred to have no order at all due to a stupid policy!', 'Service was great, but only me and 5 others all night. Tuesday is a quiet night it seems.', 'We try to enter and they didn’t let us in and the explanation of bodyguard was “if u are not Romanian u can’t enter without have a reservation”. I think this is honestly racist. So don’t came here if u are not Romanian. Good luck and hope u will fail :) maybe try to change ur bodyguard', "Really liked having one beer on their terrace to continue our walk throughout Cluj.\n\nFour starts for not having any English / Irish tap beer (the only tap is Heiniken's). Anyway, having London Pride is a decent advantage.", '1 star because he doesn’t let me in because I’m a beautiful italian girl and maybe he doesn’t like italian people so I think also he is racist. We’re serious by the way. Don’t come here also because one time they gave me hot beers.', 'We had tea and cappuccino after breakfast!  Super nice & fast service.\nVery agreeable place to sit and enjoy the view. 🥰\nOnly the choice of honey could be better: the mixture of honey from several countries even continents is always a little dubious. 🥴', 'So, we just passed on the street and they have a nice terrace between buildings that looks great, so next day we went there for drinks.\nThe lady that served us was nice and also the serving was fast (but I guess there’s no way you can delay drinks😂).\nI tried CheGuevara cocktail, was nice. The non-alcoolic coktail Cuban Love was too sweet for my taste but there is not much you can do. We also had Cuba Libre - not very good.\nFrom shots we had kamikaze and B52 - were very good.\nWe also tried a strawberry beer, I didn’t feel the strawberries.\nWe didn’t try food, but I have seen at the table next to me some ribs and looked great.\nThey also have terrace outside with view towards St. Michel Church, but in the terrace back is a better atmosphere.', 'very atmospheric place :))) mostly people come here to drink, but we ate and were pleased with the food', 'Not worth it. Awful service. Better go to McDonald. Cheaper and the stuff is nicer and you will get the same size or  even bigger size of burger 😂. I have never had that small  burger in the restaurant😂. Service is awful! I have never been served as bad as here. Don’t expect to be seated. No one care about you. No „hello”, no smile, nothing… and when you approach them they ignore you, go away or stand and do nothing. If you don’t want to be a Waitress just change your job! Not give this awful attitude to the guests. Food was okay, nothing special but I will remember how angry the stuff was.', 'Nice big restaurant, with a nice outside terrace. Starters were excellent.', 'Cozy place with a big terrace for summer. The staff are OK, the server we had was a little forgetful and it was harder go get a hold of them.\n\nTheir Gin Tonic is good and the Negroni is on the sweeter side.\n\nThe food is good, they have options for just about anyone. You can share their appetizers, we had the cheese and cold spreads one, everything was of good quality.\n\nI tried the Hanger Steak which was cooked perfectly, medium rare. I am usually not a fan of anything rare, but I actually enjoyed this a lot. The Artisanal sausage was good, but nothing amazing and a little but dry.\n\nI remember the duck being much better last year, but now it was quite salty and not soft.\n\nThe Orzo and Salsiccia is amazing and you should definitely try it! The Stuffed Chicken was also good.\n\nThe disappointment for me was the "Tiramisu", which is not one at all. It\'s biscuits with whipped cream and nutella. That\'s it. They should change it\'s name so as to not be misleading.\n\nOverall, good location near Central Park. On weekends, you might also share the place with people that went to a wedding in the park. Highly recommend making a reservation.', "Went here for some beers in the afternoon. Has a nice open terrace with good ambiance.\nPersonnel was very friendly.\nCan't say anything about the food, as I didn’t eat here, but the beers are great and the beer menu is extensive.", "Great location with the outdoor area being renovated since my last visit. Busy with lots of customers and plenty of staff. Unfortunately some staff need to he aware that without customers, they don't have a job and respect them more !!!", 'Very overpriced for what they offer! 18 lei per shot! We ordered 12 shots which was 216 lei. They made shots and instead of offering to us quantity that they made additional barman choose to throw it in sink!( don’t get me wrong but they shake 2 alcohol types and one syrup … so why to throw it when you customer paid you so well)\nMusic has a bad quality for sound and inside smells very mold.\nDo NOT recommend even once to go there.\nAnd also the attitude in your reply justify why you deserve 1 star.\nBest regards to your management.', 'One of the funkiest bars in Cluj, they shine out by having a huuuge shots menu, written across a whole wall. It is also famously popular with students and tourists alike. A party place, the atmosphere was really good everytime. The bar queues are long sometimes.', "My visit to this cool basement bar was marred when one of the barflies or staff tried to follow me into the co-ed toilets when all the rest were unoccupied, not ok. They made unwelcome comments when we left, too. We had only stopped in for one while visiting Cluj for a friend's birthday, had been no bother. Ladies, beware!", 'Lovely pub, great atmospere, cheap JD', 'One of the best places to sit outside and enjoy a drink in the old town due to the fact that it is airy and not cluttered like the rest. Love the pub quizes that they organize weekly.', 'If you wanna a whiskey go to Londoner Pub', 'Great cocktails. The bartenders can make you cocktails that are not in the menu if they have the booze available. Best place for Quiz Night!', 'Friendly staff and interesting cocktails.', 'Probably the best restaurant in town when it comes to food quality-service-price relation. Menu has it all, from cakes to soups, risotto, fish. Huge portions, great price.  Sports channels all day! 👍🏀\nGreat job guys, keep it on 🤞', 'One of the best value/food places in town. Really fast service, excellent food, big venue, nearby parking and reasonable prices.', 'Food came out pretty fast and the guy serving us was pleasant and helpful.', "I entered the restaurant and got a table for me and my friends and near the table, from the plants or whatever, there was a yellow liquid leaking. secondly, if you look up you'll see pipes and the air vents. they only have frozen food from what we've ordered, i don't even know if they cook in here tbh, which food is almost below average. so my advice is, don't come here if you wanna have a good time.", 'Great place with great rock music, alcohol and great atmosphere. There are lots of great rock and metal parties and concerts and fun rockers.', 'Great metal pub, friendly staff, cheap beers, closes at 5am perfect for a Rock n Roll night...', "Awesome people, great drinks, great music ! Mike's pub is the place to go at least once in town !", "Good music, decent prices but it's pretty dirty", "Great place to grab a drink! The food is also really good and the staff is always super pleasant! Highly recommended if you're out on the town in Cluj.\n\nHeads-up though, they don't do reservations! No knock against the place, it's their choice, I guess, but that means it can get pretty busy and you're not guaranteed to find a table, especially on the weekends.", "The steak is not a real steak. Feels more like a diagragm but still very tasty\nOverall a good experience with great service as the staff is very friendly\nPrices are maybe the best you will find downtown Cluj, and there's lots to choose from. The menu is awesome: accurate description of the products, lots of details on the online version.\nIt's a big place, so it takes a while for the food to be served, but it's a great place to hang with your friends", "Great food for a good price. Friendly atmosphere, an unpretentious place. I don't smoke and sometimes it is unpleasant that smoking is allowed inside a roofed terrace. It can be a little crowded and loud, but in good company these things go unnoticed.", 'Very good food and many drinks to choose from, all in the city centre and for lower prices! Definitely will come back to try more from the menu 😍', "It's not the best experience. I had the America  steak, but it lacked taste, and the meat felt old as it was very chewy\nThe place was quite loud, so I would only recommend going there with friends (not adequate for a date night)\nAs many people were going out on the terrace, it was also pretty cold.\nThe burger was decent, and the desert was tasty. The reservation was also easy, and the location  is convenient. Prices are also reasonable, but overall, I believe that the experience was in the lower half of what Cluj offers.", 'Modern, a bit like US diner style, restaurant with a great terrace .Perfect for a nice summer day.\nThe California Burger was excellent.', 'I got the Springtime Burger and it was amazing! Honestly the fries are probably the best i’ve ever had (secret: baked parmesan on the outside)!! The staff was also really nice and it was great to sit outside under the umbrellas.', "Really cool bar and restaurant! Fun stylish design inside with a great theme; iykyk! The staff are all very friendly and helpful. There is an excellent beer selection including Ursus draft right from the tanks above the bar. I also love the greenery behind the bar to give a nice ecological feeling. The terrace outside is big and spacious and very comfortable. Didn't eat any food on my visit so I can't review that but the menu looked really good. The wifi password also gave me a good chuckle. Would definitely come back here for another pint on the terrace or comfy seat inside.", "I've been a client for several years now and I can sincerely say that besides an irreproachable service and a welcoming atmosphere, Shto bar is a place where you can find a community, either by participating to quiz events or by simply hanging out with your friends on a regular. I have witnessed many friendships being formed in Shto, while also having the opportunity to meet a lot of interesting people in the last couple of years.\n\nTo conclude, I would definitely recommend you give it a go, and who knows, maybe you will end up with some long lasting friendships and some fun memories worth sharing with others over a glass of wine or a beer 🍻", 'Pretty cool place. Serving both delicious meals and a variety of special beverages. Delivery is always on time and has great music playing in the background.\n\nVaried crowds & nice friendly peeps(especially being in the center) and staff where you could have plenty of hearthy, funny and unexpected convos. Would recommend 100% for an enjoyable experience.👍', 'Very rude staff, asked us to move to a smaller table even though there were plenty of free tables, moved upstairs and it happened again. The waitress called me passive aggressive because I couldn’t understand why we were being asked to move again with plenty of free tables in the establishment. We ended up finishing our drinks outside the bar. Very strange experience', "It is a nice bar, right in the center of the city. The atmosphere is buzzing, and you feel comfortable. The toilets are in a bad shape, and it feels cramped if more people go in the same time. We waited for a long time to get our dinks at the table and we were ordering some whisky but the staff couldn't remember the name of it so they keept coming back and asking us again which one was it. We ordered without ice, but we got ice in the glasses. Overall, it was a good experience.", 'If you want to get drunk, this is the place.\nBeside alcohol drinks they make good coffe with a lot of syrup. You do not even need sugar.\nImportant notice: pizza is all the food they have', 'Rude staff and average drinks', 'It has indeed a warm environment, good chill music, polite staff and the prices are okay. I recommend this place!', 'Cozy, good for groups, works best if you reserve your table.', 'Our walking tour guide pointed this place out, very interesting concept.\n\nSuper friendly staff, great chilled vibe and very reasonably priced Romanian and international beers. Noroc!\n\nRock music and a young crowd 🙌', 'Last nigh with my friends, we set down to  one of my work colleague\'s table on the terrace and the waitress said to us, that she will not serve us, because we joined the table of some people we doesn\'t even know and she already reserved that table for some "loyal customers". In the mean time another table got free, we moved to that one, we wiped the wet table from the rain and moved it 10 cm to avoid the rain to fall on it again. The waitress came again and she told us rudely that she still not serve us, because now we moved the table and that is not allowed. At this point I requested for a manager and she refused to call the a manager. I went to the bar, asked for the manager, I tolled her what just happened and she did nothing, just telling me that I lie.\nI was a loyal customer in this place. I ignored that the orders are served after half an our no matter the day or the time you go there; or you are just ignored when you sit down to a table. But what happened last night was outrageous and inadmissible. If you don\'t like your job, or you don\'t give a damn on your customers find another job. Some people want to go out to relax, not to deal with rude people.', 'Amazing coctails, great staff, cool music and ironic design. Started my evening in another place and regret that I didn’t pick this bar in the first place.\nJust try it out and enjoy!', 'The place is amazing. Huge good prices. It is a punk like pub with style. Keep up the good work!\nAlso they have electric sockets to use and portable powerbanks', "Ordered some food from them on glovo. It's not the first time I've eaten here but the delivery food quality was much worse than what I experienced in the restaurant itself.", 'EDIT: We came on August 5, around 5pm\n\nAfter ordering a beer it took a girl 20 min to realize that they don’t have it. They didn’t have the next 3 we asked about either, although the online menu didn’t say that they were out of stock (like it did for other items). Finally we found a beer that they had, but the girl brought us another one after 10 more min. I told her that it’s not what we ordered, she looked at me and left. And we were left with an opened beer that we didn’t order. After half an hour, my friend had at least something to drink. The place was not even half full… Also my iced coffee came without the whipped cream and syrup, like it said in the menu.', 'One of a kind, in Cluj, of alternative places. Great staff, great interior, perfect coffe and nice crowd! It was cool already in 2008, when I visited the place for the first time, and it’s still cool.', "The atmosphere was amazing. Service, not so much. Cool place, needs better service. Didn't eat, just had drinks. Waited forever for everything.", 'We spent several happy hours here this afternoon before our flight home. Awesome place, with great steampunk atmosphere and trappings, and very tasty food.', 'Very cool looking place with great music.\n\nThe burger was pretty good but not amazing. The fries were excellent, and I also recommend the non-alcoholic cocktails. I had the Green Apple.\n\nService is very good, and the staff are super nice :)\nAsk to see the moving mechanisms!', 'The pizza was not that great. We had the Pizza Suprema and the Bacon and Cheese one. The ingredients were average quality and the crust needed a little bit of flavor. In regards of quantity, there was enough corn and mushrooms on the Suprema and bacon on the other one (maybe a bit to much) and the tomato sauce was not to my liking. The service was nice, always with a smile on their faces and polite.', 'Great service and nice coffee.  Spacious area inside and out.  Cool decorations.', "Going there once a month. It's a cozy little pub, with good selection of beer and other beverages. Staff is also pretty nice, although sometimes it can get slow on busy days (understandably).", 'I absolutely love the service, i never felt closer to any bartenders then i have in this place. Completely recommend.', "A nice place with nice staff. Dimmed lights, music is ok. Good for hanging out with friends and enjoy a friendly chat. The design of the pub has nothing special, fortunately it has a good variety of beers and at a really great quality, although the prices aren't higher than average pubs and bars from Cluj.", 'Nice bar, comfortable chairs (outdoors), helpful and friendly servers, plenty of beers to choose from.', "A nice place before 11pm when it gets full of people  because of the weekly parties organized here. It's a nice atmosphere with good music but it can get too crowded sometimes. The prices are good enough for a student. The food is tasty, but the burger is not the best choice. You can try crispy strips. Nice place overall.", 'Okay-ish place for partying if you come without expectations. Horrible security and odd rules though (like no drinks allowed at tables outside, etc.).', 'Great food for the price, nice decorations, packed whenever is a party. Great place to go to for having fun', 'Sat in the patio area & very nice. Tucked away from traffic. Place is in the university area so prices were very reasonable. Just had the local home brew &was not disappointed. Offered a good variety on the menu. Waiter was attentive to customers. Would return.', 'Very lovely place with cool atmosphere where you can enjoy listening good music and why not sing a karaoke song with your friends. Will definitely return there :)', 'This was my favorite bar in Timișoara. Great atmosphere and awesome staff who can speak English. No snobbery or rudeness and great selection of drinks. Thursday and Friday karaoke are tons of fun. Check their Facebook for live music. Definitely recommended if you like a hometown feeling bar with great service.', 'Karaoke nights, very nice.', 'Good and friendly staff, artist oriented place with Chat Noir references, limited choices on the menu though, fair price list ( average price is about 1.5 Euro for a pint of beer).  If you want to snack on something, they serve nachos with salsa sauce👍', "It was last evening's awesome experience. A wonderful atmosphere, smells like new all over the place. Special dishes and of course the Guinness beer. Service was very nice and helpful. Recommend this place.", "It is a regular pub, like any other. Food wasn't great, wasn't bad. The drinks were a bit pricey. I ordered one drink and got the more expensive version, not the one I picked. But it was OK overall. I wouldn't pick it, probay won't go back, but I won't avoid it either.", 'Great pub ❤ with interesting name: a charlatan is a name for a person who claims to possess knowledge and skills, which he is aware that he does not possess...', "After waiting 20 minutes to receive the menu, we had to wait 30 minutes more for someone to take our order, food arrived after another 45 minutes. We asked for 2 charlatan's burgers, one well done and one medium. We received 2 burgers with raw meat, one burger was cold and the melted cheese was already dried out, fries cold too, the other burger came with boiled potatoes sunk in oil - not fried at all. It's the 3rd time i come here, all times food wasn't well cooked and ordering takes too long. Sorry but this was the last time..", 'Really great place, cozy ambiance, kind and attentive staff, the food was delicious, the beer fresh, we enjoyed a lot our dinner, thank you!', 'Nice Location for a Team Event. Menu available in English. Service speaks English. Food takes a while, however, the quality decides, not the time to wait. The Group of 15 was served in one go with hot food; drinks was taken care frequently - noone was thisty.\n\nGreat choice.', 'The highlight of the lunch was the fantastic lemonade! Personal kind of rude, forgot to bring the extra request and the food was not good and it was also cold. There were only a few customers in the restaurant, not rushed hour or anything. Price does not match the level of service or quality of the food', 'The food was really good, and the burger portion my friend took was huge. They have interesting options of Romanian food. The place is cosy, right in the heart of the city center. The service was also good.', 'This has a great selection of beer from around the world. So if you crave a home made beer, you will probably find it here.\nIn addition to that the waitresses are kind, careful and the place is happy and full of snacks. So, enjoy!', 'I had a very pleasant experience here. The decor and sandwiches are not impressive but the place is very customer-oriented and the staff will do everything to accommodate you. I felt very welcome. Will definitely visit again.', "If you ever want to spend an unforgetable night in Timisoara this is the place to come to. It is a place that brings back to life the best rock music from the past and they have the most various types of beer that you'll ever find in a Pub. Every friday and saturday there is live music so all you have to do is bring the good mood with you and a big appetite for beer. A small minus for not having any cooked food except for sandwiches and nachos, but old Mc Donalds is close by so you won't suffer from hunger. Enjoy :-)", 'If i wanted to listen to “epic vara “ music i’d go to epic vara . 80s pub has changed . It used to be a diferent kind of music. That’s what made it 80’s !!', "Excelent bar! The bartender was a gentleman! He may seem scary but he is a top shelf gent', my compliments to the chef, the drinks are well priced, after a night out drinking, the overall price was Way lower than I expected, overall, 5 stars all the way! Keep it up, lads!", 'Great food and great athmosphere, especially in the inner yard', 'Nice pub. Good location.', 'Very nice place and good food.', 'Poor service, horrible food. I read the reviews and was looking forward to a nice pub for dinner after an 8 hour ride through the rain on my Vespa.\n\nFirst disappointment was I couldn’t sit inside. Door is locked and I was told it was closed. I’ve been in the rain all day and now I have to sit in a damp garden and listen to the traffic on the street after listening to traffic for 8 hours.\n\nSecond disappointment was the burned, hard as a rock bun. I tried but it was just too hard. And the patty was tasteless and a little raw in the middle. I like a medium rare burger when the meat is fresh not frozen.\n\nNow my hands are sticky and I can’t get a napkin. The staff is too busy eating and drinking - or that’s the appearance I get based on the food and sitting at tables meant for customers.\n\nI wish I had gone to McDonald’s to satisfy my burger craving.', 'Poor service, mediocre food. I had to wait 1,5 hours for a dessert in an almost empty restaurant where the only waiter was having 10 minutes breaks in every 25 minutes. And the best is that you can only pay by cash or Revolut. Not shady at all…', "Charlie! I know it's not your fault, however I 'd like to share your opinion with us, about this threes who were savagely cut right in front of the pub! Timisoara is going from bed to worst regarding protection of the nature. We, the citizens, should do something the administration of the city is going nuts! Please help us to save the Timisoara's threes.", "The place is named after a dog which is usually outside, next to the terrace. Sometimes the staff walk him out and he is just adorable!\nThey have a wide selection of beer. You should also try the burgers.\nA few years ago they had live music with small local bands, not sure if they still do it.\nAlso they usually play football matches here so if that is your thing, it's a good place, otherwise it gets pretty loud so during those nights you might want to go elsewhere.", 'Only had drinks here but good service seating outside as well as inside', 'Probably the best burgers in town', 'Arrogant waiter. After 15 min waiting to take our order he was but hurt that i order stuff. Not to mention that the table was dirtier than the floor. 0 stars sadly is not possible. Edit: Fun fact, that arrogant waiter was the so called owner... so if the owner treats its customers like this what else is there to be expected...', 'Great atmosphere at the weekend. Nice DJ. Oldies but goldies', '11/10 experience for an evening out with friends/colleagues. Great music choice, great service, great food. One of the best pubs I had the pleasure of spending the evening.', "Nice service, 1 June - children's day  got free juice and a nice pancake. We enjoyed the place.", 'Really, really good burgers and fries (& their food in general). You get a lot for the money and everything is made by them. The to-go packaging is also really cool. Couldn’t recommend this pub enough.\n\nWhat I can recommended though, is that the waitresses should be just a bit friendlier, they can give you the high hat at times for nothing.', 'Great vibes\nGood value per money\nPolite staff\nI recommend this place for going out with friends.', 'They did the best they could with what they had. Furniture is nice. Service as well. Menu looks good too.', 'Your local bar. Best in this neighbourhood. Not the best overall, but your best choice in its area. Your morning coffee is waiting for you here if you are around.', 'Not the best location, but good fries, good beer and a cosy place for a drink with friends.', 'Este ok. Numa bun de baut o bere.', "The food is good and with a fair price. Be sure to take some cash because the pos conncetion has problems. I went there two times and couldn't pay  by card.", 'Orderd twice from them, great meniu choice to start with. Both on delivery through Bolt Food where we got some crazy good price deals so that was a clincher! (Also both came in aprox 30/40 min so that is a plus).\nFirst we ordered two breakfast dishes which were both very good, secondly ordered for dinner. Had a VIP burger that was very nourishing and a Chicken Quessadillia to share as an appetizer which was sooo cheesy and good. Contrariwise, I had some Tagliatelle with shrimp that was unfortunately not that surprising as the rest of the dishes, too much bland butter sauce with garlic and too little spicery. Also says it has zucchini but could’ve been more generous with that.\nWill definetly order again from The Tube!', 'We went at lunch, very crowded. We ordered the menu of the day, in order not to waist a lot of time. The waiter was trying his best, but he was overwhelmed. The soup arrived after more than 30 minutes (we did not get what we ordered), but did not return the plate as we did not have time. The cream soup was not so good.... The second plate was ok, but also took a while before served. Food is average, but I do not recommend to go in rush hours.', 'Most people rush here for the daily menu which is quite good actually. Went here twice, had the house burger the second time. An okay experience over-all, just nothing more. Average.\n\nService takes forever. Waited 25 minutes for the waitress on Tuesday July 4th.', "Awesome place, awesome people and amazing food.\nA spot where you can drink coffee tea and alcohol drinks.\nAll the food is prepared with the best ingredients and the taste will make you asking for more.\nThey just updated their menu and it's even more tasty.", 'The best burger by far in town. U have to try it🥵', 'Relaxing place, delicious burgers with good french fries & lovely owners.\nRecommend the spicy burger.', 'Best burger, and best beer, chilling place and good staff', 'Best in town. Wonderfull staff, grate food but the best food is #SeaFood ( fresh and juicy)', "Decent food, but overpriced for the quality; limited beer & drinks selection. The only plus is that this is good place for large groups.\nThey don't accept credit cards!", "vote 1 because you cannot give 0, waiting for two and a half hours, and food arrived at the table still frozen, after the wait and the quality of the food there was not even 1 lei discount, we paid full price to eat poor food arrived at midnight, we were not given even a bit of bread in the endless wait, don't go to this place.  bad value for money.", 'It is beyond me why you would wanna come here repeatedly. The staff is friendly and helpful but the food is really not good. Granted, I have not experienced their á la carte food but only their event catering. Ugh. Plus the patio gets really hot in summer because of all the concrete and stones.', 'I was in this Pub on 4th of September, it is nice and the staff are good and friendly with good prices, But there was a group of about 10 people who are too loud in talking and annoying others. I personally had to put earplugs to avoid the noise. (No matter how big the group is as long as you control the conversation and not annoying others). They were acting like they own the Pub and they don’t care about the other people..', "Lovely bar. Great music. Nice selection of drinks including shots. Although the bar tender was attentive and friendly we didn't like a 15 lei tip was added without asking onto a bill for 3 drinks. So be weary.", 'This restaurant is located at the beginning of the Main Street of Brasov. Their staff are quite friendly and speak fluent English.\nWe stopped for a quick lunch. We ordered local beer and wine and a beef burger and some chicken breast, food was beyond acceptable.\nWorth visiting while in Brasov for tasty food and a beautiful Brasov atmosphere.', 'The service was incredible and Sonia was amazing and very friendly! My friends and I went on a trip to Sibiu and stopped here to have lunch. The food was tasteful and it was served really fast. The atmosphere here is wonderful too. The only thing that holds me back from giving them 5 stars is that some drinks were not as good as we expected. Nonetheless, we had a great time and totally recommend it!', "The people are nice, the drinks are hot, and the sandwich is tasty. Also they have a DJ with good music. It's just a nice place to relax and enjoy the winter sun.", 'Good music,  good time...', 'Nice staff\nGreat place to take a break\nMaybe a better selection of sandwishes would be great', 'Great vibes, craft beers', "[UPDATE: THIS IS FOR ZORBA THE GREEK - Not Bridge Pub.] Really love this place. The food is great and there's a lot of different dishes. The new restaurant is practical and we personally love the decor. The staff are very friendly and  made the visit easy considering our limited Romanian. Going back soon.", 'Nice place!', 'It was nice meeting Garanție. Good to know about this location. I like it.', 'Awesome ambiance! Nice and cozy.', 'Friendly place and stuff, nice romanian food, good music 😉', 'Very pleasant place with great food! There is big + for ability to play darts🎯', 'Best place for darts, beer and good vibes! The music and the lights are completing perfectly the unique atmosphere!', 'Omg. You gotta try this burger!! Unbelievable. Service was perfect as well. Highly recommend.', 'very good', '', 'Love this place. The guys are warm and welcoming. The food and beer are excellent and for the five nights we stayed in Brasov this was our local bar/restaurant. We will definitely be back highly recommend.', 'Good warm kitchen, even though we arrived with a group of ca. 20 people after 19:00. Many thanks to Béla and team.', "Nice place to hang out with friends, it has a lovely terrace and it's located in a beautiful area of Brașov.", 'Great experience, nice beer and a really cool view', 'The worst coffee I\'ve had in my life, by far. Basically it was brown "rain water". Better use the wending machine nearby.', 'Best Pub in Town', 'The perfect place to relax with a pint of beer in front of you.', 'Nice', 'Everything was excellent! Great atmosphere, welcoming staff, reasobable prices, tasty food and good beer, even childfriendly (not obvious, because this place more like a bar). So thank you, guys, you are great!', 'Great place with an impressive selection of craft Romanian beers. Very reasonably priced. Nice outdoor garden with a view of the mountains.', "A bit unusual design, mix of different styles, not everyone's taste. Not mine.\nGood beer, average hamburger, standard pizza. Good place for drinking but not for great eating.", "Aftar Stube Bar in Brasov is simply exceptional! The atmosphere is captivating, offering the perfect blend of comfort and excitement. Their collection of Romanian craft beers is a true delight for beer aficionados, complemented by a menu of tasty dishes dishes.\nThe staff's warmth and knowledge enhance the experience even more. Don't miss this hidden gem – it's a must-visit in Brasov", 'Good prices, nice chill vibes. The staff is very friendly and easily to talk to. The drinks are very well made and even the on the house drinks are very much appreciated.\nFully recommend 🍻', 'Michael is the best bartender! Very helpful and professional staff and great cocktails.', 'Good for morning\'s coffe or happy hour menu. Alone or with friends everyday a good place for a drink time, coffee, tea or something "strongly" :)', 'The server was very nice, the burgers and sauce tasted fresh and home made, which stands out besides common processed taste.', 'Very nice restaurant, great food and creative menu!', "Nice mix of delicious dishes, friendly staff,  great music and contemporary design. It's  hard to find a good veg burger, but they nailed it. And the apfelstrudel is better than everything I tried in Vienna.", 'Nice experience, the terrace outside is 100% pet friendly. The waiter gave our puppy a bowl of water.\nThe food is nice and the prices are normal', 'We had BRNO Burger and Pulled Pork Sandwich from their menu. It was the most tasty burger that I had in a long time and the most authentic pulled pork sandwich that you can find in any Romanian restaurant. Usually the Romanian chefs tend to cook according to the Romanian taste, but here we could find the American taste in food. Not to forget to mention that the waiter was kind and helpful and very  pleasant to us.', 'Nice but understocked pub.', 'Welcoming atmosphere!', '🕶', 'Great atmosphere!!!', 'They serve different kinds of excellent beer including local brands. Interior is interesting with good music.', 'Great place for a drink and awesome music, quirky and super friendly vibe', 'A fun bar with good music. Great atmosphere. Every drink I tried was good', "Good beer and other drinks\nVery specific climate\nIf you looking for a good place for evening it's there 😁", 'Found this place on a google search for the wheel of beers. However they don’t do a wheel anymore or is a metre long board now with 11 beers on for 99leu\n\nAlthough we didn’t eat here the food looked good. The atmosphere was busy. It had a smoking and non smoking area. We was with a smoker so this kept him included in our group.\n\nVery helpful weightier, amd even got me candles for my girlfriends birthday in the morning.', 'Cold refreshing draft beer 🍺 in Brașov old town. We order CIUC 1 Liter (19.9 lei) and 400ml (9.9 lei). Check the size of glasses 🍻 Cool vibes 😎', 'Came here twice during our vacation in Braşov and we were not disappointed. The varied and delicious food, nice staff and the location itself, make for a very succesful meal. The chicken schnitzel with sauce and garlic potates was the best.\nAlso, bonus points for having cats around!', 'Very nice place, friendly staff for English speakers and really nice traditional food', 'I really liked the chickpea curry I got with basmati rice and garlic nan 😋. The waiter was especially kind and asked my preferred spice level and made it happen! (Indian spicy level hehe). Their terrace has a nice open vibe. I fully reccomend 👍', 'Amazing beers and incredible Bloody Mary’s with great service- highly recommend!', 'Great pub with good bartenders and well made drinks.', 'It says it is open till 2 am and me and my friends grabbed a cab to have a drink, but bartender told us that it is closed and it was 12.44am', 'We only had draugh craft beers, no bites, but the menu pressented a variety of pizzas, snaks and yummy confectionery. The staff and cat were extra friendly and caring. The cozy terraces (one under a canopy of trees, and one under a pergola) made our stay a wonderful experience. Serving was exemplary, restroom clean, friendly atmosphere, and the volume of the music allowed conversation to flow naturally. I strongly endorse this establishment', "Best pizza and romanian craft beers in Brasov. Super friendly staff and great atmosphere... Oh and btw, it's pet friendly.", 'Intimate pub offering a good choice of local beers. Very nice and helpful staff. Nice place to rest in shadow during Brasov sightseeing.', 'Great spot to stop in for pizza and craft brews. Nice outdoor area under the trees along with indoor seating. Good selection of craft beers from local Brasov brews, other breweries in Romania and beyond. Service was friendly and helpful with the beer selection. Our pizza was delicious and came out promptly.', 'We went for a hike in the mountain and me and my friends were looking for a place to sit for a beer and some light snack. We found this cool place in the plaza and decided to stay. Not long after a waiter came and took our orders. Very attentive, fast service and good quality food. The location itself is very good as it is in the middle of a busy street. I recommend to try this place. Amazing!!', "It's a beautiful and chilled place to enjoy a cup of coffee while you watch the locals passing by. It is located in a lovely street in Braşov downtown, and they have this Lavender Gin and Tonic. If you like G&T, you should definitely try this one! Very refreshing drink. Enjoy the local cuisine and have fun in Braşov!", 'A soft location. You should pay attention because it is at the 1st floor and the entrance is through a alleyway with stairs. At the top of the stairs, the first door to the left. ;)', "Nice atmosphere, good food. Went in the morning, so I don't know how the pub works in the evenings.", 'Great place. Tasty food and drinks. Very good service. Recommend. Will definetily be back!', 'Enjoyed the afternoon watching the football, only downside was it was quite cold inside, but apart from that the barman was friendly and the beer was cold.', 'Today two times here: morning caffè ristretto - excellent - evening draft beer and fingerfood - very tasty - and last but not least:  friendly and professional service, nice atmosphere - congrats!', 'Good beer, good snacks, great music!\nStill the same.\nThe finest pub on Lăpușneanu, not only with a good variety of beer, but with a very nice selection of single malt whiskeys.', "I see many complaints about the staff... But you must understand that if you're acting as a peasant, they will treat you, accordingly !\nIt's really that simple ! 😉\nFrom my point of view, this is one of the friendliest places I've ever been.\nClean, decent prices and pretty good music. The perfect place to get out of your daily routine !", 'Best place to spend a night with friends accompanied by good old music 👏', 'They staff is very very rude and if you try to suggest any song to be played, they will call security on you. Please I urge you to not come to this place! Only cheap peasants come here and music is for them!', 'Nice place located underground, permits you real evasion! You will forget about anything going on outside: cold, snow etc\nThe music is OK,  the average age 18 to 30 years old. Go see, have an experience!', "I don't really know about it during the day, honestly I've never been. I love this place for it's Latino Dance Party on every Thursday, hosted by Magnitude Dance. Fiesta Latina is the best Latin party in town if you want to have the time of your life dancing salsa, bachata and kizomba.", "It's decent and is well located, in the Palas mall area. The dj plays nice songs, but has to listen more to the beats and learn to harmonise the transition and mix. Service is ok, not hyped, but not happy to have you as a customer either. It's a good place to get the groove on and move somewhere else after 1h.", "Save the date: 7th of January 2017... Crapiest music ever. The dj have to practice some more on his skills and harmonic mixing. Even though the place was half empty, the waiter forced us to spend at least 300 Ron on drinks at the beginning of the night (that was at almost 11 o'clock). Until 1 am half of the people already left (maybe because of the music).", "One of the worst pubs in town.\nNo ventilation working, only 2 or three types of beer and sometimes it's not even cold.\nWaiters are always grumpy and takes forever to bring you something.", "We went for lunch. Even it wasn't full they served quite late even the daily menu. Food was tasteless. Some chicken wings had taste of fish. The American BBQ ribs were fat and tasteless. The cooling is done by some hanging air vents, but they not enough on hot summer. The service was ok.", 'The placr is usually very crowded, and the service is slow because of this. Otherwise, the staff is very nice. I like that they knew off the top of their hat which menu options were in stock and which were out.', 'What kind of serving is this?\nThe beer is more expensive than in pubs in Dublin but the quantity is far from enough.\n6 € for this one.\nI do not recommend the place.', 'Great cocktails. Liked the Margarita and the Byzantine.', "Amazing experience, best food in Iasi, reasonable prices, great deals and good staff. Their gin tonic cocktails are also fantastic. Can't wait to go back!", 'Fun place, it’s one of the few places in town where you can watch sports. Other than that it’s pretty bad: the food is mediocre and on several occasions I’ve waited close to 30 minutes to place an order when 3 or 4 staff are just hanging out behind the bar talking to each other and playing on their phones.', 'Fish &  chips was to die for for.  Fantasic.  Guinness was lovely.  Friendly staff.  Overall very happy', 'Very Lively. Seats were mostly occupied on a Wednesday night. The guy working there was very nice and helpful.', 'Waiting for one hour than left as not even the lemonade was served.', 'A place where you go and the bodyguards are not very welcoming, they reject you and tell you to wait at the door even though the club is empty, high prices on the weekend, very disappointing..', 'Nice beer and food. The fish is great.', 'Nice restaurant! Good food ,drinks and atmosphere!', 'The name says it all. A bar /terrace for youngsters. Unpretentious, good place for a glass/bottle of booze and a laugh. Nice staff.', 'College bar is the perfect place for students to hang out between classes. The food is not too expensive and it tastes great. All burgers are very tasty, but sandwiches are a tad bit small. Moreover, drinks are not too expensive as well. There are many types of cocktails, soft drinks, beer, which is great. The staff is very very friendly. I totally recommend this place. There is also a terrace for smokers', 'Was a nice place to see the students and support the student bar.', 'If you want to feel young and enjoy a tasty burger, alongside a good selection of drinks, this is quite a nice place to enjoy the atmosphere of Iasi as a university city :)', 'Want to meet new people or just need to chill? Wanna have a cold one or some hard spirits? Wanna boogie or just relax on a jazzy tune? Well, this is the right place, friendo. No food doe.', 'You will wait a whole lot for someone to attend to you at the bar when it\'s full, 2 out of the 3 people working the bar, usually being in "break", that is if you don\'t offer them a little something like a "little" tip or a drink. You can get out, to smoke or for some air, with your drink only if you put it in plastic cups, at the entrence. The atmosphere is pretty neat tho.', 'Bodyguard beats people without talking first. My boyfriend was knocked out 20 seconds in front of the entrance because the bodyguard saw us going to the bathroom together. He didn\'t say anything to us, to leave or anything at all... He just threw him out and started beating him until he passed out,  and then went inside without even checking if he was ok. Horrible experience considering it was the first time that my bf came to Baza!\n\nEdit after the reply: It seems you are talking about a totally different event, as the one I am talking about resulted in no arrests (date: 29 April) because nobody else was aggressive. The women\'s bathroom was completely empty, and we were absolutely non-violent with the bodyguard (or anyone else). He didn\'t "asked/invited us out", he violently grabbed my bf without saying anything, he hit him in the back of his head, and threw him out, resulting in him falling and hitting his head on the cement. He passed out for 20 seconds in front of Baza, and a young couple that were the only people standing outside helped him to regain consciousness. After some time, another woman came, that was our friend. There was no police, the bodyguard immediately went inside and nobody tried to hit him, and after my bf woke up, we just left to find our friends.\nWe are aware that we\'re not allowed in the bathroom, but we were having a bit too much fun. We had no idea that instead of "asking us to leave" , your employee will leave us unconscious on the floor. Please consider a different approach (for non violent persons at least!), as next time they might not wake up!', 'Nice drinks and you can put your own music', 'A nice bar, cheep and good location.', 'Covid free :)))', 'No investment has been made in the toilet for at least 20 years.', 'Very arrogant waitress. Effectively, the menu is for nothing as they only have 3 things on it anyway. And seriously 4 lei for a cappuccino in an envelope?', 'Great food & drinks, very nice atmosphere, good music and service', 'Incredibly tasty beer, beating in quality many artisanal beers in the US. The very diverse types of beer ( Maybe 20, or so?) are produced at several brewing sites of the company, and distributed in select places in România but also, in exclusivity, under the labels of prestigious brands in the Netherlands.', 'A nice atmosphere, lovely deck. The food is decent, but not great. Prices are too high for the quality of food and location. Are at the same level as Fenice at Palas Mall. The staff and serving are great.', "Cozy place, nice music, good beer selection. The food was tasty.\nWe went during the day so it wasn't too crowdy.", "Very nice place but there is space for improvement.\nThe menu is confusing and some drinks we not availabile. The music si boring and too loud, it's a Pub, there is not that much space, It's more of a place people would come to talk, make jokes and such over a drink so the music is not helping", 'New in the city! Modern and cosy! 🥂❤️❤️❤️', 'New kid in town :)', 'You see it!', "Amazing dishes and polite personnel. Best soup ever, ever-ever-ever!!!! Also best service we got in our 5 day stay in constanta. I don't know why all the people are so agressive in this town", 'Delicious food, smileing and welcoming staff, great music', 'Modern interior design in a relaxing atmosphere with great food and drinks, chill out music for an amazing go out with friends and family!👍', 'Cool place to meet up or just have a coffee/drink. Music ain’t loud, so good for conversation. Tried the food today and it was quite nice too.', 'Great place to go have a cold one and great food. Atmosphere is chill for the most part. Staff is friendly and food is good. Nice hang out spot for a drink with friends. That seafood plate 🔥', "Mix between a British pub and a local Romanian type restaurant, hence the missing star for atmosphere. Was expecting a more authentic British experience, but hey, not everyone's into that.\nNice drinks selection. Very good food selection.\nHas an entire Ghost Pepper food section (ribs, wings, burger, etc).\nOverall, great place.", 'Nice place in Constanta.\n\nThe foods was amazing delicious. Had some problems on the fitness salad, they bought it pretty late, but in exchange for small trouble, they bought shots of something to the whole table (8 people).\n\nThe staff was quite good, fast on reauest but also funny.\n\nSurprinsingly affordable. The terace was a blast. We felt incredible good.', 'I really enjoyed it there!A wide variety of food and drinks ! Amazing design and really cool music!\nGoing back there soon!😍', '1h to wait for 2 burghers.... And fter waitress checked it was just the next one on the list..... Or maybe forgotten', "Lovely place with tasty burgers for everyone. Take your time and you'll be amazed", "I made the order on Glovo for a Double Trouble burger, I received it in a very, very bad condition, the first if I made the order, take it and it's the last, and I'm very, very disappointed with what I received, have a little respect for the customers, please at least a little", "Never order food from them. Apparently, the food is only good at the location, but when you order via delivery, I cannot guarantee the quality of the food.\nWhen you order a 50 lei burger, but the quality is worse than an 8-10 lei burger at McDonalds, then something is clearly wrong with that restaurant.\n1. The bun that crumbles instantly after you take the burger in your hand, has a horrible taste (apparently it's normal for it to be sweet and taste similar to bread left to mold for 3 days in a row).\n2. The meat is not even half a centimeter thick, although a burger should be at least 2 cm (apparently what I ordered is a smashed burger, even if this is not mentioned anywhere in the product list or in the product title - false advertisement ).\n3. They changed absolutely all the ingredients compared to what they used 1 year ago - the quality is noticeably worse.\nIf you want to eat the worst burger ever, try ordering from a burger pub and you'll really see what bad quality means when you say everything is expired.", 'The place is not so bad. The stuff is either a little too cheerful or a little too sad and indifferent.\nIt took an extreeeeeeaaaaammmmmnnnnlllly long time till the food arrived and it was quite cold, the taste really had potential.\nWe were with a dog and the storm was coming & they let us in with the pet which was quite nice.\nThe place was absolutely empty despite 2 3 regulars.\nThe price is a bit too high for what they offer.', 'Absolutely loved it here!!!\nThe waiter had a great vibe, the music here is souuuuul❤❤❤❤\nThe food is amazing and we did not wait much. We also had a guest at the table, a cat, who joined us by sitting on a chair and wait for some foood. Of course we welcomed her with bright arms and gave her fish 🥰❤❤❤\n\nLater edit: here again. Definitely favorite restaurant here in Constanta!! I will attach more pictures from these days❤️❤️❤️', "The food was ok. We had some beef stake. I can say that it was eatable... The waiter didn't ask how we'd like the stake to be, but medium rare is the safest way to cook beef 😁. The place wasn't at it's fullest, but it was really crowded and it took pretty much time to give the order... But: they have good quality drinks (I mean the bottles, not the bartender preparation 🙈), good music, and the place looks a little vintage and it feels very cozy. I will surely come back to try some drinks and maybe different food, but to feel again that vinted-coziness... 🥰", "VERY BAD EXPERIENCE. They keep deleting the review, i will keep reposting it.\nFood was ok-ish, not great, a bit salty, but not nearly as salty as the staff. Very rude, condescending and ill mannered staff, and let me tell you why:\nOn my visit there i arrived with a friend of mine, who is priest (and was, obviously, dressed as such). At first we thought the waitress was very new, then we thought she was on drugs or similar, due to her behaviour and the way she spoke to us when she took our order.\n\nWhile we were eating, the waitress came from his back with a full bowl of boiling water and spilled it all on my friend's back. there was no reason to think she tripped as she had nothing to trip on and we were not sitting in anyone's way, so she had to go in between tables to reach us, and also she did not lose anything from her tray. it makes no sense unless this cruel joke was fully premeditated. it is unacceptable this discrimination and religious hatred in 21st century, Europe...\n\nMore to it, none of the staff expressed any surprise (not the person who burned him, nor the other members of the staff), nor any apologies for what happened to the priest, not even to ask him if he is ok or to bring him a towel, to wipe off the steaming water from his cloth. He went for medical check, as we left, and had severe burns on the back of his head, neck and his back, from this incident, but curiously he did not want to press charges - although advised to.\n\nWould NOT RECOMMEND anyone to go there.\n\nfood was not bad, bit salty, but not as salty as the waiters. one thing i would never understand is how are they allowed to serve when clearly they have antisocial and maniacal behaviour... because:\ni went there with a friend who is priest and came dressed as such. during our short visit, the staff was rude and condescending, one of the waiters even faked tripping and spilled a full bowl of boiling water on his back. could not believed my eyes as she went away without even saying sorry or asking if he is ok. did not even provide him with towel to wipe the steaming water off his cloth, nor a chair to replace the one she got wet. none of the staff expressed any worry or sorry. The priest did not want to pursue this and did not press charges, although they certainly deserve it.\nObviously, I DO NOT RECOMMEND any sain person to go there. Shame...", 'Superb! 5/5', 'its closed:(', 'Cocktailuri foarte bune, priveliște superbă și personal amabil!', 'Gorgeous view', "Scammy prices and behaviour regarding the pricing. The pizza/burger offers were not applied, they changed their mind and had no clear prices.\nWe were not served the drinks menu, the prices being pretty much random i guess.\n\nThe food burger and fries came colder than my dead grandpa' - sorry i highly recommend to try the other places around with more reviews.\nThe lemonade was good, the only good thing", "Ordered a Tequila Sunrise and a Pink Gin tonic for two. 10ml of alcohol added is an overstatement. Then we ordered a Kamikaze shot. Felt like a shot of lemonade, with no alcohol. At least the shots of pure tequila were ok. They couldn't wash those down. What a joke. Very friendly staff, though.", 'Messed up 2 rounds of drinks. Then the service got extremely rude when we tried to actually get what we ordered.', 'We sitted ourselves and picked up the menus from the side table at the entrance because we were never greeted. Waiter was not rude but mentioned that they only had pizza to serve which was a lie because 20 minutes later he was delivering hamburgers to an outside cubical. Waiter never asked if we needed anything else, I had to get his attention if I needed something else.', 'A great, relaxing atmosphere with interesting interior decorations and good lighting choices. The menu is decent enough to cover most tastes and the wine selection is equally good. The pub also features a small stage for live concerts, mostly targeted towards rock. Highly recommended!', "Place is decent but they allow too many people inside. And don't get me started on the music. Not sure where they got the DJ from but if you like the 90's you will love it here. I don't.", '#goodmuzic\n#goodvibes\n#lovelypeople\n#perfectplaceforlovestory', 'The place has a lot of potential, unfortunately it is ruined by the awful djs whom purposely make it so that the music drives the people out. I mean take a look mr dj and see no one s dancing on the oldies you re playing and even your enthusiasm is showing…\nL.e. He can change it…although this time it took him a bit longer that it should.', 'Really good food. We all ordered burgers and loved them, one of the best burgers I’ve had actually. However, the cocktails were extremely strong, almost undrinkable.', 'I randomly decided to sit down. The burger was great, but the fries were seasoned perfectly and wonderfully crispy. They have Guinness too! Definitely recommend', 'A decent place with good vibes…..!!!The food ordered here was quite tasty. We ordered grilled chicken and French fries which were a 5/5. Also we had ordered liquor which was very reasonably priced. Also the waiters serving were very polite !!! Do hop in here if you’re around!!!', 'Great place for a beer and/or burger. Nice selection of beers from different countries. The vegetarian burger was delicious - light but still filling. I liked that you could choose the type of onion in the burger (red, caramelised or pickled) and the side (French fries or chips). Really good fries and the ZigZag sauce. Not expensive at all, especially for this location and sizes of portions. Definitely recommend! 👏🏻', 'The shrimps were veeery good. The waiter recommended them and it turned out that he was right :). Also the fries were quite tasty!', 'Great service and excellent food', "Very good shrimps indeed, the best I've eaten so far. The drinks were quite good also, they also had a DJ and the misic was a little too loud for a place without a dancing area :D", 'Great atmosphere and food!!! One of the real nice places in Constanta.', "Amazing hospitality coming from a tourist. By far the best Café not just in Constanța. It's very cozy and it feels like home!", 'Loud music, cool environment. Somehow was there in a karaoke night, the singers were quite good. Some nice pool tables, five I believe. But totally occupied for the 1-2 hours I spent there. So try to book in advance, dunno if it possible. Have to check their rooftop next time.', 'Clean and sober.\nProbably too sober for a Cafe!\nBut is general trend so it is just fine for a quaiet time and a chat along a good coffee served by smiling faces!', 'Good food, Great ambience.', 'The services were fast, the food what miraculous and delicious, the price is very affordable for the amount of food you recive....here is an example of pork ribs..exceptional 👍 I recommand !!!', 'Humus and burger were really good. Tiramisu was way too liquid, definitely not what it should be.', 'Great food, good prices friendly staff, a place to go for having good food!', 'Does not have all the items in the menu, although the food was ok. Pay attention, the waiter will add 10% tip on the bill without asking!', 'Great Playlist. Chill atmosphere. Right plate to have a chat with the bartenders. I really enjoyed their company. Good prices.\n\nLocation is not great but is a good tradeof for the small proces.\n\nFrom time to time they have live-music. So, stay tuned!', 'Great place, great beer, professional and friendly staff.  the right place to spend an evening.  advise.', 'Nice place\nGREAT MUSICK\nFriendly stuff', 'Had a great time listening to Bucovina!', 'Near the park, right on the main road, you can find this great place! The interior is very nice and there are also tables outside. Unfortunately you hear all of the cars passing by, but all of this is forgotten once you take a bite from their delicious food!\n\nDon’t miss the garlic potatoes, they are great great!\nThe tomato soup is very good, tastes very good, well made and also looks nice.\n\nA great place for a beer and some food. Definitely recommend this place!', 'very good reastaurant, the prices are normal, the meals are tasty', "Food was delicious! The salads great!\nDrinks even better: some of the best Craft Cuba Libre, Another Round and Mai Tai we've tried. Overall impression - great!", "Normally - the coffee is very good, opening the venue at 8 o'clock but serving breakfast from 9 o'clock is very unpleasant", "Nice and cozy place to grab a drink and some food far from the busy part of town. The food isn't something to write home about but it's definitely OK, and reasonably priced.", 'Cozy, wood panels design, lovely stuff, terrace and good food!', 'The music is good the food is good! Not to many beer options but it is ok! As a minus...it is a little bit tiny! But definitely I will visit it again!', 'Cozy neighbourhood pub with good music, cheap drinks and friendly staff.\n\nThe food is ok (just not the salads - who goes to a pub for a salad anyway?), and they have a great variety of home-made snacks.', 'I know this restaurant for a very long time, was a nice place with very pleasant staff, a place to spend nice time with friends. I don’t know what happened over the time, but today was a very disrespectful staff, and they claimed that they have to fallow a stupid rules from the management. I don’t know how to say, but definitely I’ll not recommend anymore. My advice, just stay away from this place.', 'Food is good, but the staff is impolite. They put their tip in our bill without us knowing as we payed via card.', 'Very good decoration, ambient and also very good food...\nIf you are near, try this restaurant, you will not regret.', "1 star due to disrespectful staff, most of them are just rude and showing a poor level of education. It's a shame since the food is good and the atmosphere is ok.", 'Nice !', 'Ok', 'Nice place.', 'Ok', '10 out of 10 serving experience. The stuff is very nice and helpful!', 'Good food, beautiful ambience.  You can watch a football game here on a large screen TV.  You will find here a good offer for drinks and the prices are right.  All of the above are not enough to come back if you have only one unpleasant interaction with the owner in a drunken state and this can happen quite often.  So be careful.  I will never go back there.', 'Cozy atmosphere, a nice design with warm materials like timber exposed.\nTasted some medium quality boiled wine.\nNot the best place to work or concetrate in the evenings because it is so crowded and loud (you should remind this is a bar and not a hub or coffee shop for working remote..).\nIn the morning is quite and a good place to work though.\nAll in all a good experience.', 'Excellent pub right next to the Romanescu Park, biggest green spot in town. This place has a warm atmosphere, very kind staff, good selection of beers and spirits, great music, mainly pop rock, blues and alternative, and also host of some happy felines. It also has a nice terrace, greenery and covered by a huge walnut tree, for a perfect shading in the summer.', 'The waitress was quite insensitive. The raw food, when I called her to see the "problem", she nonchalantly told me that she didn\'t cook it... and left! A gross insensitivity. Just sit for a coffee and a cigarette... I don\'t recommend it! I\'m sorry I can\'t post a picture to prove it!', 'The menu of the day ends immediately... you wait 15 min.. for a waiter to come and take your order... 30 min until he comes with it.... Even if he has an ok position, the services are below expectations.. disappointing ....\nI do not recommend', 'Visually pleasing, very good food.\nThe waiting time was a bit long and the AC was not turned on', 'Great food and very kind staff.\nrecommend', "Very kind staff, very good food and enough to fill you up (the menu is perfect to be accompanied with the good beer they have). It's a great place to hang out with friends.", "Prompt service and very good food (don't miss the pork burger).", 'Very pleasant atmosphere, super good food, pleasant atmosphere and a very friendly staff! I recommend! ❣️', "I ordered amatriciana pasta and although their menu says that they are with guanciale, instead of guanciale, they had kaizer which was not even well fried, it was more boiled, horrible. I understand that it's hard to find guanciale, but at least don't put it on the menu if you use kaizer.", "Me and my friends came here for a few drinks. Located in the beautiful center of craiova. The drinks are reasonably priced... maybe a little more expensive than nearby bars. The staff are very friendly and the service is rather good. The hot chocolate is amazing, if you are used to drinking hot chocolate in the uk, this is like drinking hot chocolate milkshake it is very thick and rich in taste! They also sell a range of cocktails, cider and beers. Also.... the music is not to my taste... sounds rather generic and doesn't have any popular songs playing.", 'Good fun. Nice bar. Highly recommended. Great Carlsberg 👍', 'The place is well set up, has alot of room and nice decorations. The service was very good and the staff friendly. The choices on the menu are good and if you need any help in choices it can be offered by the staff in being able to craft your type of way.', 'The place ist pretty,  but the service has no clue what he ist doing there. The music is nice , but the drinks you ask for are replaced by drinks they want ( they make really bad drinks)', 'Really good hot chocolate. The place is nice and cosy.\nGreat energy and smiles from the waitress.', 'The perfect place to hang out with your friends. Amazing food and a cozy atmosphere. The staff is very friendly and that is definitely a plus! Would recommend it to everyone.', 'A great place to hang out with friends in any season of the year.\nPretty diverse range of dishes, great cocktails and a very pleasant atmosphere.\nPositioned in the heart of the Old Town in Craiova, it’s a must-see for tourists and locals alike.', 'The order came in 1 hour (but only half of it), the food was horrible (with bad quality ingedients), no straws or teaspoon for the drinks. Not coming back...', '', '', '', 'Ok', 'Ok', 'Ok', 'Ok', 'Absolutely loved the vibe of the place and the house brew called “don’t feed the cat”. It’s super informal yet somehow special.', 'The best venue to spend your evening out in Craiova. Lovely garden and relaxed atmosphere. Eclectic rock music.Very good selection of craft beers from the Hop Hooligans brewery.', 'It s a nice bar. Cheep shots, tasty beer. I loved the salad and the corn dogs. Music is perfect. I feel younger whenever i go there', 'Very nice place, offers a variety of drinks, both alcoholic and non-alcoholic. The vibe of this place is really special and unique, the lights are incredibly pretty and make the place more lovely. Of course, the best thing about coming here is the spoiled, a bit fat, but simply charming cat - Misha, which every visitor loves', '', '', '', '', 'This is the right case to say "Don\'t judge the book by its cover"\nSuper tasty food,very rare to find nowadays!\nP.S\nIgor Chivser', "A very ok pub, the food is good and personally the service seems very ok to me.\nI have already been a customer for about 2 months and they have not left me with a bitter taste.\nFor haters who have something with the serving staff:\n1 as long as you are waiting for 5☆ restaurant services from a pub, put your appetite in the cui.\n2 think that there are 5 tables with similar claims, it's not salty enough, etc., often being just a waiter/bartender.... I'm curious about your reaction speed, and not to count it as many times you don't think that x person is standing and trying to make you leave with all this... so fuck off to all the haters because it really is a cool place!\nWith the awning on the terrace, it's also not their fault, but you can complain directly to the company that owns the restaurant.\nPeace!\nP.S. my menu: small portion 27 lei plus beers around 70 lei", "I ordered now through Tazz for the first time. Beef soup, parmesan potatoes and chicken breast skewers. I'll show you what the chicken skewers menu means. Basically...3 small pieces of chicken and the rest...vegetables. My first and last experience with them", 'This is how a plate for 4 people worth 120 ron burns...', 'Food and drinks are very good price is reasonable', '', '', '', 'I came to this small town three years ago, no matter what time of day you dine, no matter whether it is full or not, the place is quiet and comfortable. This restaurant is my first choice for business talks and gatherings with friends. I can’t explain it. I just like it if I like it.', 'They have tasty food, cooked right, with qualitative ingredients. The service is also good and reliable, the location is nice. The youth seem to enjoy this place a lot. The prices are medium to high, depends on your order.', 'I ordered humus and the salad part was a bit under my expectations, certainly not looking as in the menu pictures. The foccacia was a bit too dried out.', "Been here a couple of times, but I've been disappointed on both occasions. I wanted to give this place one more chance, but will NOT come back. View is nice, but food takes AGES to arrive, and it's not even of good quality. Do not recommend", 'Excellent place! Toto the host has pride in his work. Very friendly. Good cook. Next time i’m in Ploiesti I will come back. Thanks Toto!', 'Very nice atmosphere and music. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The prices are quite decent for a centrally located venue.', 'Not easy to find but great atmosphere', "A very nice place with friendly staff. Perfect for grabbing a cold beer with friends on it's terrace in the summer and in the winter to have a boiled wine inside.", 'Nice friendly staff.\nGood place for relaxing...', 'Great hot chocolate, quite different than usual, but I certainly recommend it!', "Nice place to get a cup of coffee. If you are a smoker, you can smoke outside in the improvised deck. Even in winter (it's heated)\n\nDownrated to 2 stars after they messed up my order two nights in a row without even saying sorry.\n\nPS : They don't know the difference between dense and liquid hot chocolate...", 'I\'ve been here a few times and every time the service was pretty bad.\nLast night I saw an emtpy 2 ppl table and I asked if I could add 1 more chair and the response was "and where am I supposed to pass by?". After that I observed that there were 2 more empty tables that they (the 2 girls that worked the shift) were saying anything about, so we were about to leave when we noticed and asked about them.\nAll night they didn\'t empty our ashtray once although it was full, they didn\'t come to ask us if we finished our drinks once, we had to look for them all the time and they were impolite.\nThe drinks are good and the bar is nice, but just for this, I don\'t think I will be going there again.', "Super location, food at 7-star level, as well as service and atmosphere!\nWe'll be back as soon as possible.\nI recommend to those who are picky!", "Our office is next to the restaurant, we eat the daily menu here every day, or when we can't find it anymore, we order something from the menu. The food is very tasty, the service is quick and the staff is kind!", "The best frappé I've ever had. It has the same satisfying quality every time I come. A very friendly and professional staff, excellent food.", 'I ordered the menu of the day, besides the fact that the food arrived in a maximum of 20 minutes, the food was excellently tasty, still hot, the portions were very large, I did not manage to finish the second course. Quality-price ratio, the food seems extraordinarily cheap compared to the quality and quantity. I will order again with love and confidence. I recommend!', 'A relaxing place with good music, perfect for young people! Those willing to experience new things, at Jordan House they also have hookah, for 25 lei + the price of flavoring and charcoal can reach 40-45 lei. I recommend this pub/club! ', 'Beautiful location, fff food. hello and the patrons are extraordinary people! Grade 10!', 'Pleasant atmosphere, super okay staff, hookah and good prices.', 'A lovely, secluded place for young people!! He also has hookah!!', 'Great atmosphere, and great music, all rock, all the time, concerts are held here by various bands the service or menu is not that great, but this place has been my favorite hangout ever since my University days.', 'Awesome metal music. Perfect ambient and really good food. Host was polite. Recommend 200%', "Quite a nice bar with a good atmosphere, went here with some Romanian friends, the back garden is really great!\nDon't know much about bars in Ploiesti, but this one is a place to see.", 'Best food and lounge....', 'Not a bad bar at all. Lot ofdrinks to offer, good Beer and fair prices. I was Just missing some people, wednesday evening and almost nobody inside.', "Good drinks but staff could do better. Some drinks in the menu weren't actually available. Staff could do better. Facilities were quite poor  But the beer we had was good so worth giving a shot", 'Not a bad place, especially for students, to have fun..But the quality of people, they let in, can make this place inappropriate and uncomfortable to enjoy, especially for women.', 'Crapy service and music.\nThe place is nicely decorated, but the music (electro-techno poor quality) is not consistent with the decor with soft rock. Execrable serving .... had to ask for the waitress at the bar after we waited 15 minutes..... when we ordered they refused to serve us cocktails and some of the coffee specialties and tea because they do not have time to prepare....but half the place was empty ....\nIt was first and last time for me here....', 'You can enjoy a good cup of coffee while watching the beautiful center of the city with many historical buildings. It is also close to many turistic locations. In hot days it is a breezy place. Unfortunately the waiters are not very friendly.', 'I ordered a classic lemonade.  I got a glass of water with very little lemon juice.  Prices are of course like in the city center.  The products are worse than in the slum.', 'Pub with good music and artisanal alcoholic drinks.', 'Super slow service, servers not serving , they just left things middle of your table. And beer wasn’t cold. They were rude.\n\nUpdate: for this comment , a blond lady come and fight with us and they kinda forced us to delete this post. I never faced this kinda situation before. It was nightmare!\n\nPointing out people not cool I know but in this situation, I kinda have to.', 'Great place, great service. Visit any day, there is always a party inside, the place is nice and welcoming, the terrace is awesome during the hot season, and the location is unbeatable.', 'Nice Irish pub right in the center of Oradea. Nice atmosphere, quick service and nice music. Of course, drough Guinness!', 'We were on the terrace, the rain was coming and they closed all the umbrellas, casually leaving us unprotected. Is this respect for customers?', 'A good little pub that you can enjoy', 'Excellent food! Everything is freshly made and the food came out hot. Everything was so tasty, from starter to desert. The restaurant is huge, with a bug terrace and has a lot of items on the menu. Service was good and staff friendly.', "Food was good, but rather disappointed in the service... When the bill was ready, I have asked if we can pay separately (as we were a group of 8). The waiter said bluntly 'No'... I said then how are we going to pay for the bill individually? I was told that the person who booked the table should pay -which obviously should be up to the group of customer who/how they decide to pay.\nIf this restaurant really doesn’t have the option to split the bill (which many other places has) then is NOT actually a great place to go as a group and should find a reasonable solution to split the bill.", 'First time here today and by the time I got in the place had  a warm feeling.\nFood was absolutely delicious,the service was exemplary and the drinks were nice and cold.\nValue for money?i give it a 9/10 ai overall very happy.\nWherever you look you get suprised by something,maybe the bootle chandelier or the old bear mugs on the wall but definitely a place I wanna come back too.\nHuge space and everything is properly decorated,I would highly recommend this place to anybody who want a warm cozy meal.\nKeep up the good work guys!', 'Beautiful spacy place to have beer and amazing food. They offer "beer food" like crispy chicken, burgers, ribs etc. as well as many delicious salads, smoothies, meet meals, soups, pizza, pasta. We were kindly surprised :)', "Great! They have quiz night, karaoke, open mic! It's a cool atmosphere!", 'Quiet, classy place with great music. Has a wide selection of drinks, has board games for customers and they let you bring food from outside.', 'Terasa este noua, au foarte multe jocuri precum monopoly si catan.\n\nThr terace is new, they have lots of boardgames such as monopoly or thr settlers of catan.', 'Was not really happy with the place. The design and drinks were nice, but all in all there were some difficulties with the proper knowledge of the "temporary" staff.', "The fact that you are charging an entrance for entering a regular bar is just embarrassing. Also there is the fact that it's quite unsafe to use those stairs on a Saturday night.", '2nd time here , just as disappointed as the first time :(', 'Cosy, friendly pub in the Black Eagle gallery.\nIt looks like a ship; great design touches and wonderful service!', 'Great place, nice people and a good atmosphere! Cheap drinks and nice people made my evening.', 'Now, this is a really nice place that you should visit.', 'Gr8 show', 'The house of the Rebbe of Vizhnitz in Amhashak Ehvat Yisrael', 'fun and good cheer at the Impro Patzan shows. And for the rest, an atmosphere of relaxation as between friends.', 'This bar is literally a scam, we paid 60euro to security guard for the entry,it was a fully empty inside we thought it is a live music bar but they scam us. we are really disappointed . This restaurant must be shutdown. I wish I could get my money back 😭', 'I visited this establishment yesterday and encountered a highly unpleasant situation. The owner decided to kick me out solely because I was wearing a cap. There were no prior warnings or explanations as to why wearing a cap was an issue.\n\nI understand that some places have specific dress codes, but I believe that at least a brief explanation or time to rectify the situation would have been far more respectful to a customer.\n\nThis incident left me disappointed, and I do not plan on returning to this establishment anytime soon. I hope that in the future, the staff and management will reconsider their approach to customers and treat them with more respect and understanding.', 'We were a big international group that entered an empty bar to drink. We ordered drinks for everyone. As normal nowadays a few went out to smoke. After sometime the security guy started to ask for an entry fee, we left to the next door.', 'Quiet when i went, so quick service. Dark inside. Drinks ok but not a place to come for food.', 'Sweet place, awesome staff and atmosphere.\nHappy people having a great time.\nVery inviting customers that loved to meet new people!', 'The bar is very cute and the owner is super kind! great place to watch any sport, would definitely recommend :)', 'Small, but fantastic sports bar that plays American football games live. Can only hold maybe 30 people on the first floor, maybe double that in the basement. Watched the Super Bowl here with a bunch of locals AND paid local prices. Only issue is since NFL games run late at night, they have to close around 1:30/2:00am due to noise ordinance laws. Otherwise, worth stopping in if you are in the neighborhood.', 'Great little hole in the wall sports bar. Good bar food, excellent prices also.', 'Top', 'Show', 'Great place', 'This place, undaunted by "cool" trends and sad gentrification of the city, is the heart (quasi spoiler: the other way around) of the beautiful, intimate and triangular "Dans la Ville blanche" by Alain Tanner. With a Bruno Ganz - sad loss - to whom little can be added, except that he is very young (without knowing him I would dare to say that he plays himself) and the Portuguese Teresa Madruga. It is worth the visit to confirm that time stops there, or even goes against the current. If you haven\'t seen the movie don\'t miss it!', "Lovely spot for a post-walk beer. We didn't eat but the food also looked good. Great selection of drinks and well decorated. Loved it", 'Casa Do Fauno is a great hidden gem from all the touristic hectic hecticness in Sintra, you can come for a fresh pint, some coffee and cake or their awesome Tostas!\n\nYou can definitely wind down and enjoy some great space.\n\nThey also have a shop upstairs where they sell Christmas and incense among other things.\n\nWill be back', 'It was a very nice place and I liked the atmosphere of it, if you are really into geltic stuff this is your place, only down side was we could not get any food cause their toaster was broken 🤣', 'Amazing location, excellent staff.\nPay a visit to the little shop, warmly recommended to bring home a piece of this lovely place', 'Solid bar with a big range of cocktails. Blues rock playlist and sport on the TV when we were there, bartender was charming and accommodating.\nBonus for being the only place open this late in Sintra, particularly on a Sunday.', 'Love Bar Fonte da Pipa!! Amazing atmosphere, top tier music and service. This is a must if you’re visiting Sintra and want a low key, amazing drink spot. Intimate and cozy, wholeheartedly. Got some great drink recommendations too', 'Really cool bar with a unique interior,  AWESOME MUSIC, an extensive drink menu and small plates too. The bartender was super friendly. My husband and I had a great time relaxing, drinking sangria and eating a tasty charcuterie board while watching a Portugal League Futbol game. Great time!', "Excelente place for a delicious drink after exploring the magnificent Sintra. We had an amazing charcuterie board (called Smoked sausages) with some warm buttered toast.  We were served by Bruno who went above and beyond to make us feel welcomed: charged our phones, gave first aid to little boy who had fallen and who's father came in seeking help as he couldn't find a pharmacy and kept us entertained. The decor is very cool, and we got to sit on a very comfortable lounge arm chair. Prices are very decent. They only accept cash, but there is a ATM next door.", 'Such a warm and happy place, as South Africans just looking for a watering hole it was the perfect spot. Such a friendly place to be with staff giving proper banter and making us feel part of the regular crowd. Great cocktails and mocktails, real Irish charm, will be back as often as possible', 'This is the best place for a good night out… wether you want to watch a game (we came for a rugby game and the energy was so awesome), or the live music (it varies day to day, I’ve never been disappointed) and the servers are a good banter. Summer or winter… this is the place to be!', 'Very rude service. We were told "go somewhere else, we\'re full". Completely understandable if they\'re full but absolutely no need for such a rude response. Just walked round the corner and other bars were super hospitable', 'Good Irish pub with great beer and lovely bar staff Didn’t eat so can’t comment on the food. Kitchen closes on the early side.', 'Great Atmosphere! Staff is friendly and music playlist is excellent. Great spot to have a Guinness.', 'One of the servers was so rude that he would not take the ashtray from our table when asked, and then, when we offered to pay, he snubbed us and laughed and said whatever you want to do inside or out and walked off. Very insulting and and total disregard for customer service. This person either owns the bar, as he was doing shots inside- or should be fired. Don’t go here. There are far better pubs with pleasant employees.', 'Lovely Irish pub. Good variety of beers, ciders and spirits. The food is quiet good, we had the classic hamburger with chips and the ham and cheese toasty. Staff is very friendly and the prices are absolutely  fair.', 'Cool little British Pub in Cascais steps from  Praia Ribeira.', 'Incredible Bar in a beautiful part of Cascais! The owner is a great guy who serves even better drinks! If you like good music and having a laugh, you will love this place!', 'It was an incredible experience. They bar is lively, the drinks are fantastic, the staff is so accomidating - they have every sport you can dream to watch! I highly recommend this place! The icing on the cake is everything is so cheap!', 'If you’re looking for NFL games in or around Lisbon this is the spot. The owner moved tables and got us a spot by a tv just to watch the game. This was while a huge intro-Lisbon soccer match was on every other tv. We were the only people in Cascais, maybe Portugal, who cared about the game we watched and the owner gladly tuned it in for us. What a great guy. He has all the games. 100% would recommend.', 'Good place for a beer, and relax with rock and roll', 'Cozy place and good variety of beers. You can relax drinking and listening to some jazz.', 'Very nice place to be with friends to drink some beers or a good caiparinha, along with some original Portuguese food. The burgers are magnificent! The vegetarian burger is almost better than the original.\nWe will be back sometime.', 'excellent local joint. good food, nice staff and beers, great place!', '„The Beer Hunter“ is a very unique bar with an oldschool flavour. It also has two outdoor spaces. You have the opportunity to play Billard or Snooker inside the bar. I recommend you the delicious craft beer called „Pato“.', 'The perfect spot! Every evening i stop there to have a drink,alone or with family, or my friends. The view is amazing,the staff is amazing and very polite! Everyone that visit Estoril, must stop on this location. I highly recommend!', 'Walked by it every single day we were in town and finally had to stop. From what I can tell don\'t stop here for a "real" meal; maybe a snack. Live entertainment was really good and found the spot relaxing. But drinks are the order of the day. Note to self. Never start a sentence with the word "but".', 'The rude waiter was stoned and talked to her friends for 40 minutes after we gave our order. We asked about it twice but it took an additional 15 minutes. We and her friends were the only people in the bar. Felt like a waste of time', "It's a bar, drinks ok, but don't go there to eat, food was very pretty much unedible, very disappointing", "Great drinks and good live music. It would be 5 stars if they didn't look the other way and allow people to smoke inside... It's a small enclosed space and to share it with smokers is very unpleasant, but - to be fair - that seems to be the norm in Portugal, even after the law that forbids smoking in closed spaces passed. Shame...", 'If you are looking for a late night drink when visiting cascais, this is the place to go,,', 'Good Music ... great ambiance ... great staff  ... Well ... good for all âges ..  20ish to me ..  (40ish ) ... 😃\nMusical selection is GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!', "That's an awesome place to listen to a good music and have some pints with friends. I've been there few days ago those guys on the bar smashed. Bar service is great too.", "A dartboard in Monte Estoril. What's not to like? Good service and great place to catch up on American and British politics as there are numerous world leading experts who happen to live in the area and attend this bar. You don't even need to sit next to them as their volume allows everyone in the vicinity to be enlightened by their insightful and brilliant opinions.. Incredibly, there are also world leading epidemiologists who also live in the vicinity and can share their deep, researched knowledge on any pandemic that happens to be the occurring.. 😜", 'Is a great bar, the best in Cascais Coast.', 'Quirky pub and very friendly staff and locals. Good value and great to stop for a couple and have a chat.', 'very chill local spot - relax, have a drink, enjoy!', 'Staff was nice and friendly\nBeer is cold and 1.5€\nIts a good place to drink but food was not that good.\nWe had chocos fritos and they were frozen from a supermarket packet, no taste at all, and expensive for what you get.', 'First time at this lovely bar last night.  We sat outside had lots of wine and gorgeous food!  Was a fantastic experience.  Thank you Shauna', 'Cosy, great service, good price. Only tried the drinks though! Nice Gin and tonic.', 'Small little bar with typical Portuguese tapas, great spot for a beer and a pint.', 'Such an amazing place to have food and drinks. Staff is great and make sure you reserve a spot.\nFood is amazing too.', "The view is amazing. The food is not. As you see in the picture all looks good. Not sure the orange Juice is real.If something is homemade it's even worst. Nothing is tasty. Croissant overcooked and hard.\nVery very nice place that deserves better kitchen. And surprise on the ticket. Tips are added automatic 10% in my case.\nI will go in the evening for the cocktails but the brunch doesn't taste what is looks like.", "I'm sure the food is good, but if you're going just for coffee, better make sure you can take the eye looking from the staff. It was raining and lots of wind, so couldn't enjoy the view from the terrace, but that might be the one thing that is amazing there. By the end of my coffee, I felt it was a bit pretentious, hence the low rating.", "Went at a time when the place was nearly empty. Nonetheless, everything took ages, from getting the menus to getting the food. Initially, they rudely said they didn't have our reservation, but I had a confirmation on my phone. We weren't allowed to sit under the parasol because there was a reservation that specifically asked for those. Ok, no problem. Well, the only problem is having a rooftop restaurant with only two small parasols during the super sunny and super hot Portuguese Summer months. Food was unmemorable and totally overpriced for what was served. Orange juice was sour, and when we complained, the waitress said the oranges were off season. It was July! Two kids at a nearby table also told their parents the orange juice tasted bad. Waitress with her huge nails, had a hard time placing/removing things from the table and seemed to be totally bored. Another waitress was chewing gum and blowing bubbles. Really?!", 'The food was really good, the waiters were friendly and the view was also nice. During our stay we were the only ,,dine-in,, guests which made the experience more exclusive;).', 'Waiter must warn about this ridiculous 5€ card limit.\nThey took my money for not providing any service, food or drink!!! Robbery!!!', 'Amazing beach side restaurant. Good views. Diverse cuisine. Pizza available. Very friendly staff', 'Delicious food and great staff, much more that I expected from this place. Prawns 11/10! ❤', 'Super cheap, disgusting cheap compared to many places in Lisbon.\nMixes foods and drinks, the toasts are cheap, tasty and absolutely massive.\nThe music is varied but always pleasurable and not too intrusive, you can smoke, sit and there is enough space for everything.', 'Drinks were very good but unfortunately people smoke in there.', 'Bad experience.\n\n1- Bad service.\n\n2- People smoking in a closed space.', 'Chill out bar...\nCool to meet, drink and have fun!\nPretty girls in town a place to see.', 'This is a London style pub food menu located in Lisboa airport and an extremely nice respite from the craziness outside!\nOrders are taken at the counter and brought to you once prepared which keeps the process nice and simple.\nWe had the Fish and Chips and the Shrimp Linguine and both dishes were great especially for airport food! Only comment is that the shrimp had not been deveined which I am not a huge fan of.\nOther than that, the restaurant (tucked away out the back and out of sight from the entrance) was calm and comfortable and definitely what we needed before our next flight.\nWould stop by again next time we are transiting through Lisboa!', "Horrible, horrible food. Service is awful as well. I knew things would be overpriced but I expected a little bit of quality. We could not finish our meals because they were so bad. Probably the worst airport dining experience I've ever had.", 'I found the food and drinks amazing. The service, while not five stars, was good. And the place as a whole was one of my best airport dining experiences, something that is essential if your flight is delayed, like mine was. PLUS, I got to watch the first part of the England - France game seated very comfortably and surrounded by other football fans! It also helped to have a screen inside the place to see the status of your plane.', 'Do not eat here. ESPECIALLY if you’re in a hurry. I had two hours and somehow they still made me late. There is one serve for the entire restaurant even when it’s busy. I was NEVERA checked on. So I had to fight for attention to order my meal, drink, and pay. I asked for a small discount given I had such a bad experience and they refused.\nAll employees r male which are inherently let attentive.\nCannot tell you how BAD of an airport restaurant this is.', "I was there for a little bit until I met tue owner. He's an incredible guy, full of stories. Wow. What an incredible place. Totally recommend 👌", "Poor service, bar tender makes it seem it's a huge burden to be working there, which is unpleasant. Easily not returning. This rocket will not leave the ground.", 'Been there 3 times in 2 weeks and 3 different prices for same drink… seems like a scam', 'Nice outside area, the employees are very polite', 'Experience your beers where every can has a story! Snacks mostly!', 'I loved it. As soon as I arrived, right before the openig hour, they instantly greated me and offered my dog a bowl with water. Right away asked me if I needed anything else like water or something refreshing.\n\nI ate a mozzarella and prosciutto which was lovely and very crispy and the coffee was splendid.\n\nThank you so much for your hospitality and see you soon!', 'Been here a couple of times. First was a Friday night, had a couple of beers, and a free shot of pipoca, which was good', 'Great selection of craft beer!', "This place is so nice and chill. The sushi is just ok, not really special. The staff was first so great but after not really. If you can find another sky bar, it's much better to sit.", 'Beautiful views! I’ve been here twice during my time in Lisbon. The staff are quite friendly. The atmosphere and ambiance are wonderful - very laid back and relaxing. A great place to hang out with friends or just have a calm moment to yourself, perhaps before grabbing a bus out of town at the nearby Orient Station.\n\nI will say, the first time I came here, it took a while before I was served (maybe 15-20 minutes) although it wasn’t super busy. The food made up for it though. I had the ceviche - amazing and worth every penny. The fixed lunch menu (12:30-3:30 M-F, as of June 2023) is also fantastic and a LOT of delicious food (shrimp tempura starter, sushi main course, dessert, and a wine or beer drink!) for the €25 price.\n\nWhile food and drinks are on the more expensive side, if you know that before you arrive, you at least know what you’re walking into. :)\n\nFood is fresh and tasty, and I couldn’t be happier!', 'Absolutely amazing experience. Beautiful views and a great staff. Honestly, Vaz was the true reason for this review. He went above and beyond to really allow us to fully enjoy our experience. Food was delicious and ambiance was beautiful. Thank you for a great dining experience.', "We had a reservation for 16 people. The service was very slow, and we had to remind several times about the drinks we ordered and didn't get.\nThe food was just ok, the prices were not too high although. What we went there for was definitely the view. It would be nice if they added more warm dieshes on the menu.\nAlso, we were seated at 2 tables, 8 people at each. It felt too tight like sardines in a can, and we had absolutely no space for our plates and to sit comfortably. We would need an additional table!", 'One word:  Awesome', "Lieu original class. Ambiance au top avec son bar ! Merci à O'Cunha et Luís ROCHA pour sa patience (pas la même langue). Je suis sortie ravie et je reviendrai ! Je valide et je recommande !!!\n\nOriginal class location. Top atmosphere with its bar! Thanks to O'Cunha and Luís ROCHA for their patience (not the same language). I went out delighted and I'll come back! I validate and recommend !!!\n\nOriginal location of the class. Top atmosphere with its bar! Thanks to O'Cunha and Luís ROCHA for their patience (not the same language). I left delighted and will be back! I validate and recommend !!!", 'Sympathy all around. Genuineness. Craft beers. Masters in haircutting. Everything mixed together contributed to an excellent experience and top service! Be it to drink a jola and relax or to cut your hair. In my case both :)', 'Amazing. Cozy space. Impeccable staff. Everything always with good energy. Good fines. Reference spot. Thanks.', 'Funny', 'The best bar, with the best service, ideal for any type of person, with the best music!! They make you feel at home.', 'Definitely !! The best bar in Braga...the best staff...the best atmosphere!!! Obligatory meeting point for Latinos !!!\nKeep it up... Greetings.', 'Horrible venue, horrible music with very high-pitched sound. Very poorly attended.', 'I went to F with my friends, to watch a Portugal football game and dinner. For appetizer, we asked for "Ovos Rotos", that were well served, with good and tasty ham. For main course, I chose "Pinga Amor", and it was one of the best burgers I had, really well put together, a great Hamburger beef, bacon, a fried egg and a good mixture of sauces. Really flavorful, that will make you feel good after the meal, not heavy. Everything was brought really fast, with little waiting time. The staff was helpful and checked with us many times throughout the night. It is a good place to watch football with friends.', 'Really good francesinha with good options for desert, starting the meal with the free shot made it all much better', 'Amazing value for quality!  Shrimp and Brie were amazing and junior service even more!\nWould definitely recommend!\nGreat place in braga.', 'They moved from Makro and opened here. The space is very cool, and the food is also quite good. The ladies serving us were super nice and the prices are accessible', 'Not too crowded on a match day. There are two screens and one is delayed than others so not a good way to watch football if you sit the other side.', "Fantastic pub in Barrio Alto. Clubs and Fado joints surround this friendly outpost. The employees are not Irish but that's ok they have the friendly spirit to make everyone feel welcome. Plenty of sitting at the bar and some high tops. Soccer is always on the two big TV's inside and some good music is usually playing. Cocktails are simple but generous. Excellent whiskey selection, Jameson, tullamore dew, johnny among others. Guinness, Kilkenny, and several other Irish and American beers are on tap with a knowledgeable staff to serve you. Just overall a great little bar to try.  I really enjoyed my visits to this location and would come back anytime I'm in Lisbon.", 'My friend and I went to Lisboa for 6 days, as soon as we found out that if you want to party you have to go to Bairo Alto, we went there five nights in a row. We found this Irish Pub and stayed there basically every night to party and meet other people :) If like Guinness and good service go there 👍🏼 The Barkeeper’s, especially one guy with shorter hair, are very nice', 'No food available (or at least I do not know about it). Smells funny inside. Good bar, however would only recommend it for football games', 'The best karaoke pub in the world.  The staff made everyone feel welcome and took great care of us.  The Karaoke DJ did a great job of keeping the music going and the crowd full of energy.  I can’t wait to go back…', 'Great pub karaoke on one side and live music on the other, bar staff all really friendly, our fave pub', "Best Karaoke Pub in Lisbon.\nAnyone who loves Karaoke, this is the place guys!\n\nWith full of World's most friendliest staffs here, You will have guaranteed fun.\n\nStrongly Recommended!!!", 'Super ratchet inside with karaoke\n\nBeer is only 4€ per glass, and they take credit card.\n\nMost people are drinking outside because it’s too hot and crowded inside. To take the drink outside, you need to get a plastic cup.\n\nThe restrooms are in front of the entrance. I think there were double doors.', 'The service is not very friendly and quite confusing, you are not allowed to pay by card for less than 5 euro. Also, you have to go to the cashier to ask for your service and then go to a bar to get your drinks, which makes you feel not very welcoming. Overall, the bar is ok but a bit dirty as well!', "Best Pub in town! My favorite snack is Jalapeños with chili sauce, always blindly ordered virgin cocktails from them, and it's always so gewd! And don't forget the weekly pub quiz for free shots/cocktails/beer for the 1st and 2nd winners!", "Excellent pub with a lovely menu. Best fish and chips I've had in many many years . I will go there more. 5 stars.", 'Great service, nice people, delicious food and the best thing... Pet friendly!!! 💛 my dogs loved it, they received lots of love from everyone there..', 'Was very nice, but now service become to worse side! Changeg commentars. We asked personal a lot of time,  reaction - just a finger , waiting!!! Just a few a table busy, but we waited 15-20 minutes just to ask. Terrible!!!', 'wonderful place, great service and I would like to thank especially the waiter João, friendly and super attentive', 'Great Irish coffee, delicious homemade nachos with a scrumptious cheese sauce & super fresh, flavourful chunky guacamole… have to drop 3 stars for the AWFUL service. Went inside & waited over ten minutes for the two ladies at the (empty) bar to even acknowledge us… we eventually got an unbothered “boa tarde”, tried ordering & were rudely told to sit outside. We waited outside another ten minutes before having our order taken. Then waited another 15 minutes for the food & drinks but it was worth the wait. Tried to order a shot of Jameson & the lady acted like I requested her first born child… she brought a Jameson & 7up (it’s a sin to mix Jameson lol) & informed that they don’t do shots. Trying to pay was another ordeal… we waited 15 minutes for our change… my boyfriend had to go in to get it & they said they “forgot”. Personally I think there are several better Irish pubs in Lisbon with far better service… which is a shame because I loved the outdoor seating and views of this place.', 'Nice place, but not Irish. No fish and chips, shepards pie, corned beef and cabbage, pasties, steak pies. The only thing Irish is the name. But they do have Guinness.', 'My favourite kind of place. Cool atmosphere, good beer and the staff are great.', 'Perfect bar with quality beers and bar snacks. The ambiance also very nice, I liked the place completely', 'Nice place, fun and nice bar tenders.  Got too loud for me when it was packed, but I had a good time.', 'The burger was ok, the music was too loud, at least for my taste, for such a small pub. Only one toilet', 'The George is a pleasant afternoon bar and a roaring evening sports bar. We visited most afternoons over a three week stay in  Lisbon and got to know the bartenders and staff. A  delightful group of youngsters anxious to chat. Overall the service was good and the drinks well prepared. We give it 4 clams on the coveted Five Quahog Rating Scale.', 'Nice place, went in looking for a quick bite to eat. The menu I wouldn’t recommend for any fussy eaters. We got fish & chips which were so lovely, the fish was nice and crispy. Then we had chicken wings & sweet chilli sauce, it was €6.50 or €7.50 and they were fairly small but good. I tried black fish for the first time, it’s very soft and the chorizo sauce was amazing. The atmosphere was nice, not too crowded. However one of the toilets wouldn’t close & the other had no lock so i had to go to the shopping centre next to it to use the bathrooms which was a bit frustrating', 'Fries are soggy and dry. and as for the fish, batter is too thick but at least is crispy. chicken wings are dry and blended.\nService is nice.', 'The food was fabulous. It was a wonderful surprise to taste such beautiful and delicious cuisine with complex flavors, like a ceviche prepared in a celery root bisque. The drunken pear dessert creatively prepared with crushed walnuts is essential. This place is Lisbon’s hidden gem!!!', 'Came for lunch and was welcomed by a wonderful waitress with the eyes the cor of the sea. She was very nice and attentive. Inside the staff was nice while paying out as well. Food was great for the price and the beers were nice and cold', 'Great terrace for having your coffee or a couple of beers. Inside, it is a traditional Portuguese cafe. Unfortunately, anywhere you turn there will be a TV in front of you, making it hard to focus on human interactions. If crowded, you can expect an often very slow service.', 'Very good local bar/resturant. They usally show sports which is cool cause you can go there and watch your favorites', "It's five star as you can watch all the football games here. And other sports. Reasonably priced and nice staff. Decent food", "Awful bar. The most arrogant and unfriendly staff I've ever seen anywhere..particularly the old bald barman. Avoid...", 'Nice atmosphere, great seating options.', 'Quite unwelcoming staff. Rude for no reason', 'Friendly, quiet and nice place. Really close to the metro station (wich helps after a few drinks). The staff was really nice, totally going to come back', "I'm not one to go into a'British Bar' while away on holiday in another country. Stopped off here though because it was extremely hot and we had been walking around a lot, so needed a rest!\n\nFairly quiet while we were here. Tried the Super Bock stout and the 1927 IPA, both very nice. Managed to connect to the free WiFi from the bakery down the road as well!", "I thoroughly enjoyed the space despite the service being slow to serve. I admit that at first it was understandable as it was full, however at the end of the night there were very few patrons at the bar but the service didn't get speedier at all.\nLove the atmosphere despite how small it is, but the prices and service should be improved.", 'Just visited this bar and what a rip off. Ordered 1 alcoholic free beer and what was supposed to be a large leffe beer got charged 10 euros.  The large leffe was 33cl the same size as a can of coke. Tourists avoid this bar otherwise you will get ripped off,  there are a lot nicer bars and a lot cheaper 😉', "Was here for the RWC 2023 Ireland South Africa game. Food was limited to cheese and ham toasties and portions of chips. I don't know if that's always all they have but what was served was fine. Friendly bar staff and a good atmosphere. Super Bock was €5 for half a liter.", 'Incredible english pub. Well received and well served. We were greeted as if we were known. Moreover, the staff was friendly and allowed us to sing our own songs. The ambient played music is both joyful and moving.\nIf you seek a calm bar to enjoy your evening either in a large group or between few friends go there.', 'This isnt called wasp bar anymore, nor is it a metal bar.\nIts an english pub now ( called english pub as well). Might be good if u are into english pubs', "It's a hard core Rock bar, its small but with a massive personality. It decoration is a rock mad teen-ager that decided to cover ever available space in rock memorabilia. Not the expensive auction kind but the real life kind. The barmaid is hardcore rocker. We drank whiskey and sang over the great sounds playing. You like to rock out and drink hit this place or be a geek.", 'Heartbreaking... google stated it was open. Walked all the way there to look up and find ‘the English pub’. It was very bland looking & just your old regular English pub. Thank god for the Cave rock bar around the corner to Satisfy our needs!', 'Very chill place with lots of beer choices! Did not try the food. Balcony seating is amazing. Much bigger on the inside than I initially thought and restrooms are decent! 10/10 would recommend!', 'Well… what I can say?!!! Perfect. Really! I was a long time to find some beers like that! Finally I can say that is a perfectly place to enjoy a beer. So the food??? I have tried a burguer and for my surprise? It’s amazing too?! The staff is also friendly. I must recommend this place.', 'Great place to watch sport. Service a little slow but good selection of beers and yummy beige food.\n\nThis would definitely be a lively spot in the evenings and probably a better offering than some of the places in the vicinity posing as ‘Irish pubs’!', 'We had an Octoberfest special with two salchichas, a burger and 2 Delirium Reds. All was very tasty, but remember that Delirium Red is 9,8%, and it feels like it!\n\nThe visit was on Thursday, which was a holiday in Portugal. The place was half-empty, with high was nice: not that much noise, and we got a table with no problem. I’ll def be back.', 'If you are looking for a place to have a drink, dance, play table football, darts or snooker, this is the ideal place.', 'Very expensive place, terrible service and the food is bad, it needs to improve a lot!', "The Wall Street Bar is located at the Sana Metropolitan Hotel. It's a cozy bar with good service. We placed our order which was quickly taken care of. The Bar has several tables with armchairs, but what draws attention are the extremely comfortable sofas.", 'Relaxed, comfortable and relaxing atmosphere. Live piano music as ambient sound. Equipped with various types of food/snacks whose quality-price ratio is good. Food well served and friendly service.', 'Got super drunk here for super cheap and met some drunk Irish chicks there. Yaaay! Liquor 😊', 'good bar for cheap cocktails! one of the best pina colada i’ve ever had, they made it with a bit of condensed milk!', 'Great atmosphere with everyone stood on the streets it’s definitely an experience not to miss', 'Maybe the best cocktails in Bairro Alto. Definitely the cheapest. Very good Margarita. Not a half point of crushed ice, just a really good short cocktail', 'This place offers a great value for money, especially considering it with other restaurants located at the city center. The food is super tasty and the staff is very friendly. The portions are very big and they have a lot of vegetarian options. Unfortunately, they only have a few tables so it might be better to book it in advance or to get there early to secure a spot. We definitely recommend this restaurant!', 'What a special place. We had a great gazpacho and some mortadella focaccia, great quality-price ratio. The owner is so sweet and the decoration feels like home ❤️', 'We went there for drinks and meals last night. Everything was excellent, so much so were going back tonight. Food was 100% excellent, drinks were amazing. They even accept BTC as payment.', 'Nice chill vibe with an interesting bar deco. Bartenders were friendly and warm. Cocktails were ok good, but not great and to rave about as per other reviews. The cocktails were decently priced as well so nothing to complain there.\n\nI also had a slice of their apple cake which was delicious 😋', 'Tapas 45 euros without invoice, bad hygiene in wc.', 'Nice', 'Total tourist rip off! We asked for tapas, the waiter said he only had bread and cheese left. We got a cheese sausage platter and had to pay €21. Underground!', 'We had a great time, the food and wines are beyond excellent. The welcome is just great. We came back the next day because it was so good. They speak French 👍👍👍. An obligatory passage. Thanks to the whole team.', "Great little place for some good fun music and dance.Nice friendly staff and quick service. We were going to Irish pub,but people having a great time in front derailed us and we didn't regret it.", "Fully a VIBE. We passed by and the music made us dance in the street so we came in and it's so fun and welcoming! We'll be back", "Brilliant little bar, right beside the Irish pub we were going into. The loud salsa music blasting out caught our attention,  especially Mary, who loves dancing, and within 30 seconds she was dancing with one of the staff. It's a small intimate bar , but with a great drink selection,  including cocktails.\nThe music is infectious and you cannot help yourself but dance.\nA great party bar, thoroughly recommended. Marcos, one of the barman, was particularly good. He used to live in Ireland and knew all our favourite pubs in Smithfield.", 'It’s a normal bar with a great environment.\nLatin music and good service.\nFor drinks and dance is perfect.\nThe bar is small but the environment is pretty good.\nIf you want a place to talk the music here might be a bit too loud', 'We stopped in for a couple pints and really enjoyed it. The bar has inside seating and rooftop patio with a great view of the city. The staff are very friendly and the beer is well priced.', "I was introduced to this bar during a stop while on a walking tour.  I didn't partake the first night because I was exhausted and didn't want to have a drink.  However,  my friend and I made it back here twice before leaving Portugal.   Both times, we visited this dive bar at night.   It wasn't as busy as it seemed to be during the day.   The only downside is that we never made it to the rooftop.  The first time, we ordered a Caprinha Black, and it became our drink of choice at this bar.  On the second visit,  the drink was better than the first time.   I'd definitely recommend stopping by and having a drink and possibly a bite to eat.  The vibes are great!", "Went here for late night drinks on a Wednesday.  A little busy but it didn't take long to get served.  Wife had a big glass of fantastic sangria and I had a beer. $11.50 total. We sat on the rooftop and enjoyed the views and atmosphere.  I wish we would have discovered this place sooner on our trip because we would gladly go back.", 'Coldest and best beer in Lisbon. Great relaxed environment. Do yourself a favour and try it, we did and came back daily on our trip', 'Crazy busy but excellent craft beer list and nice vibe for hanging out. Loved the interior decor and overall mood. Big screen for games.', 'A wonderful craft brewery in Lisbon! Very friendly and attentive staff! Nice comfortable surroundings. Good music playing too. A very relaxing atmosphere to enjoy some suds! We had the cheese board too which was great! Keep up the great work!', "Cool hangout spot for beer and cider lovers. Pub food and good salty snacks for drinking. Lovely servers. Go here for a chill evening!\n\n10€ for a 5 beer flight\nHonestly, pretty bummed I didn't try the piri piri chicken wings...", 'Trendy craft bar selling a good selection of craft beers and open a lot earlier than a lot of the other craft bars in Lisbon.\n\nNice open plan style place so nice to get out of the sun for a bit and sip a cold beer.', 'Great place to take a beer, listen music and relax, enjoy the day and taste all food and beers, great value and full recommended', "Fantastic food & drinks(the mixed meat skewers were our favorite and the Gin & Tonic was the best that I've ever had), a great selection of beers and a comfortable atmosphere with chill music playing. The owner takes pride in what he does and it shows. Don't forget to bring cash as that is the only method of payment available. We will definitely return on our next trip to Porto. Well done!! Don't miss this stop.", 'It was very nice time. There is a very kind staff and very delicious food. He also recommends the menu well.', 'I have visited dozens and dozens of pubs in a lot of countries, but this one is one of the best!! Believe me! Very good food, very good beer, very good bartender and cook in one person. If nothing else from Porto, this place I will remember and if I ever come back to the town I will come here.', 'Pretty chill experience, the prices have gone up a bit in the last few years which is normal now. The drink was well served', "Amazing pub near the beach! It has that Irish pub vibe with an attentive staff who makes you feel at home. The food is top notch and there's a fantastic selection of beers. Definitely worth a visit!", 'Lovely time! Really good vibes. Peppers were so flavorful and the whisky sours were well balanced and delicious.', 'A cozy bar near the beach, open after midnight and always busy and crowded.\nPrices are a bit high, but the atmosphere is so nice. It reminds me the movie the pirates of the Caribbean sea.\nYou may initiate some friendships there, so enjoy the time you are there.', "This is it! 👌 Great place!\nThe service is perfect - friendly, smiling people who are interested in customers \U0001faf6\nWe wanted to watch the match and there's no problem in doing that 💪 thanks!\nThey have my favourite Guinness and many other beer, wine and whiskey 🥃🍺🍹I think everyone will find something for their taste.\nThe view is cool as they have a roof top places to admire it.\nThe food is also okay 👍\nAnd the prices are the same as in other places.\nI can highly recommend it ❤️", 'Nice Pub!\n\nThe drinks were good and the staff is very kind.\n\nThe only issue I had was with the toilet. Very small and not clean.', 'Very lovely place with kind and friendly stuff. We got perfect drinks for fair price! Thanks a lot guys! Good luck🙏❤️', "Awesome place to enjoy food and drink with a view of Porto city. If you like Irish and English style pubs this a must. Located by the river in Gaia you have a perfect view of the city across the river. We spent a few hours just watching the boats on the river chilling with a Guinness and Mojito.\nIt was fairly quiet when we where there, but I surmise that this place may be a'rockin on a Saturday night. Which is also nice sometimes. 😊🤘\nRecommended! 😎👍", 'Lovely friendly staff and lovely red ale beer. Delighted too to have sampled & enjoyed green/white wine 😊 But frightful pizza! Hard to believe it could be so bad and even harder to believe it was baked at all as opposed to being just heated up...slightly. 😑', "This restaurant doesn't serve excellent food, but what we had was good enough. The bacalhau a Braga was Nice and also the steak.", 'The black vodka drink was awesome, and the chorizo app was good. The Portuguese steak was totally trash. The service was also garbage.', 'It was quiet but we were there outside “traditional dinner time” had a lovely meal, food was delicious. Would definitely return if when we go back to Porto.', 'Interior design is perfect… Beer choices are not bad but I was expecting more… The food is ok, they had few options to eat although they had a lot more in the menu… I ordered chorizos, when I started eating the waiter came and said now they have all the options…So, it was too late…', "Attentive and friendly staff. Fantastic cocktails. Couldn't even say which one was the best!", "Went there at a very busy time. The waiters were nice even in the rush and offered complimentary drinks for the hour-long delay with the food.\nIt's a great place if you just want to get drinks. Loved the veal croque.\nThe ambience is cozy and the lighting is on spot", 'Went here to watch a Champions league game with friends and it was very pleasant. Good atmosphere with Porto fans. 100% safe place. Also, good beers and good and appetizers. The staff is very nice.', "We went here with some friends to have some drinks and enjoy the sunset. It had a nice vibe and a great view.\n\nThe staff were friendly and all spoke great English.\n\nThere was a good selection of drinks and cocktails - we had beer, fresh raspberry lemonade and espresso martinis - and pretty good food. It is NOT very coeliac-friendly, as there was only one gluten free thing on the menu (shrimp salad), and it took a lot of asking to find out the allergen information. In the end it was an ok salad. The rest of the food was good quality though, my friends enjoyed their ribs, steak and fries.\n\nI'd recommend it as a chilled place to have some drinks near the beach, especially at sunset. Not great for dietary requirements though.", 'Perfect place to watch sunset.\n\nThe beach club with dancing atmosphere. The food is average. It’s more as beer or cocktail place.', 'After a long day of biking alongside the beach coast this was like an oasis.\n\nWe came here little bit after noon and there was no problem with seats. They seated us promptly and they managed our order just as quickly.\n\nWe went for White sangria and nachos. Sangria was very good. But sadly, nachos was on the other side of a bridge..\n\nI cant talk about other food but from observing of other tables it was looking very tasty 🙂', 'Beautiful view, nice to stop by when going around. Prices are average, drinks are good, services is okay.\nIt was a bit crowded around lunch time so we needed to wait for a while to be seated, but it was worth it.\nI enjoyed the seating area in the sand, nice idea.', 'Horrible!!! Fisch soup for 12€ was very bad without any taste, Pommes was a disaster, small sandwich for 11€ very bad in taste. We waited for drinks 15 minutes- restaurant was empty!!! Hands away from this hole!!!!', 'Terrible service. They have kind of a competition for worst bar in the town? Heritage could make it to the top', 'The location was great but the food experience was forgettable. The waiter, whose attitude wasn’t great, got our drinks wrong, our food order wrong and the food itself was nothing like what we expected. My cod salad was a cold bowl of chick peas swimming in oil and a few shreds of fish, for €14.50. The tuna fillet looked straight out of a tin. Sorry, not one to recommend.', 'Terrible service. We waited 20 minutes for someone to take our order : well nobody did. The waiters were actually «\xa0waiting\xa0» (for what that I don’t know) doing nothing', 'Return visit for my daughter. First for me. Lots of bars in this area and good prices. 2€ for a good sized beer. Lots of outdoor seating. Will be packed later on on Sao Jaoa festival. BBQ smoking getting ready for sardines. Ended up having more beers and growing odd head growths.', 'very affordable and incredible atmosphere! my friends and I returned multiple times during our stay in Porto!! 😁', 'Place is great. Ambiance is perfect for night drinks. But a great line to follow for drinks.', 'Quick, easy, super affordable and so good! We went 4 times in 2 days. Try the white sangria!!!', 'We booked a table for a rugby match and arrived late so understandably our table was given away, but despite the full house we were still warmly welcomed and could watch the match in a friendly atmosphere', 'Trying to find a place to watch Rugby in Porto proved tough. Luckily, we looked this place up and was able to book a table to watch the Springboks Vs Irealand RWC game (this is recommended as its not a pub/club that is simply open to the public for walk ins. The atmosphere was great and everyone was very respectful (not like your usual pub where things can get rowdy or messy). Thanks for hosting a lovely game day event.', 'A great find for us! Was looking for somewhere to watch the RWC finals and took a chance at the rugby club. Staff are super friendly and helpful. Food is basic sports bar fodder but they are really nice hamburgers. Large selection of beers  - with a mix between the craft market and lager selections', 'Great pub to watch sports. We went for rugby, had a few drinks and a burger. Everything was great, from the ambiance, to the home made burger. Prices were very reasonable with a cheeseburger and fries selling for 8 or 9euros! Highly recommended', 'Cocktails 5 *', 'A pub with a good atmosphere and various types of drinks and tapas. The service was excellent with a staff that makes you very comfortable. We will return.', 'Strong smell of food.\n\nSuper slow and inefficient service (despite being friendly)\n\nAbsurd prices for the environment, and quality.', 'Great cocktails, interesting decor. Normal prices for the type of drinks. Friendly service by the bartender.\nWe just highlight the intense cloud of tobacco in the air, sometimes with children in the place, and little ventilation.', 'Great music, top drinks, super nice staff, five stars 🌟', "A well decorated place. Good for relaxing. It has  smoker and non smoker zones. A little bit pricier than usual but it is a good price for the way you're served.", 'Always a pleasure spending someone with good friends at this pub. Friendly staff. We thoroughly enjoy the place. Highly recommended.', 'Good ambiente and good drink 🍸thanks for your welcome', 'A great pub! Lovely atmosphere and vibe. We had a great night, meeting new friends. The owner and bar staff were very friendly and we received a warm welcome. I can see why this pub is becoming so popular.', 'Joao is an absolute legend, we came back to this bar for 5 nights in a row for his awesome energy! He makes the best cocktails we have had in years 🙏🏼😎', "Have to say this bar had a great atmosphere, off the beaten track in Porto. Good music, nice vibes. Unfortunately there was a mix up where they came at the end of the night & accused my friend of not paying for a round of drinks on card, however I saw him pay cash. They accepted this for a while but then asked us to leave. Having managed nightclubs in England I can understand these mistakes can happen, but I guess they were pretty convinced they were right & asked us to leave, to their credit they were very polite about it, & I do believe it was a genuine mistake, but it's a shame as otherwise was a brilliant bar & I think they just made a mistake.", 'Outstanding bar with cool atmosphere, bar staff very attentive and chatty, a must once you are in this part of city!', 'First time trying proper Portuguese food. We ordered Francesinha, Calamares, Bolinhos Bacalhau and Chouriço Assado. The staff were helpful and very welcoming. Price is also reasonable but some can be overpriced however its expected near the centre.', 'I order a pizza for 10 euros , there was not tasty at all!\nI women on my side , complain about a cold potatoes chips..\nTry to pay with credit card, but they not accept , I pay in cash', 'Fast service, waiters with the right attitude. The best salad I had so far in Porto.\nSalada Portugesa', "I happened on this place while strolling on the river walk. They have enough purely vegetarian options for a decent meal. The staff is extremely friendly and the food is good. It's less pricey than everything in this area and enough vegetarian options.\n\nI would come back here again.", "Starved after our 6 hour train trip from albufiera....this was the perfect spot.  Didn't realize it was a pizza place , s ,being lactose i tolerant, was going to leave.  But....hungry....\nThe vegan cheese (which I have never had but tried because the waiter said is good) was great!   The thin crust and the sauce is delicious !    Perfect for a quick meal!", 'Everything was great. To really be perfect.. was just missing two things:\n1) smoking should not be allowed at the entrance of the door because all the cigarette smell goes inside. In our case my wife was pregnant and I’m not a smoker so we had to eat pizza and enjoy our time with smoke of other people, the same goes for the terrace inside.\nPoint number 2, the music could be much better. The loud rock music doesn’t fit the place and environment, elegant cocktails environment ask for a nice jazzy, soul music which invites you to keep drinking and don’t want to go home. Maybe a bit of an upbeat funky music or some old classic rock could work but not heavy rock or metal. Otherwise pizza and drinks were very good.\nKeep it up and wishing you could improve on these two points. 👍', 'The hubs and I decided to walk by one afternoon just to see what it looked like. We were pleasantly surprised to find they open at noon so of course we had to stop in for a cocktail! I had El Mario and the hubs had the Anne Bonney. Both were not only beautiful but absolutely delicious. The vibe (during the day anyway) is very cozy with a nice outdoor garden and a little quiet space above the main bar. We will definitely be back! We didn’t try the pizza but we will the next time we visit - it looked and smelled delicious!', "Came here on the basis of a google search and left completely satisfied. I picked a time of day that wasn't busy at all and I'm glad. Perfectly executed cocktails: an El Mario, and a Tripitaka.\nHighly recommended and can't wait to come call again.", 'LOVED IT!!! the whole vibe was AMAZING.. it was my first time - for carnaval - and will def return.. people very chilled.. good vibes.. music a bit strange - dj changed the style quite often but overall WOW. Will def come back!!', 'Great outdoor area in those summer nights. Wednesdays are capirinha nights for just 3€. Nice music with a nice staff. Calm ambiance. Great for a get together with a group of friends.', 'pleasant environment, excellent to relax with friends.', 'Really disappointed as they overcharged me. Not about the money about the misleading information given upon the order. Otherwise not too bad place for a night out...', 'Great little place with a wonderful beer selection. Our apartment was just down the street so we stopped by here several times while in Porto. Very friendly staff and a cozy atmosphere. Besides a good selection of beers on tap, there is also a large number of bottled beers to choose from. If you enjoy good craft beers, make sure you stop by here next time you are in Porto.', 'I went there to try some beer from Portugal.\n\nI started with a "Good Old Days" from Fermatage; a dark beer with only about 3.5% alcohol. The taste was ok but I felt that it was too flat.\n\nAfter that I could not really connect with the bartender(s) so I decided to move on.', "Nice little craft beer bar this. 10+ taps of quality craft beer, good range of sour, lager, weiss, stout etc. Lots of different countries too. And loads of cans in the fridge too. Comfy seating. The decor is a bit rough and ready but it's nice, and there's a small outdoor patio too. Staff are super nice. Lovely place.", 'We just came for drinks. It has a layback vibe with a good tap list. I enjoyed my stout. The barman was very welcoming.', "Commenting on the outdoor bar.\nA little less impressive than I would expect for a hotel rooftop catering to a medium-high public. The view is short of any Douro river sight and you can only guess the sea is in the horizon. The decor and sound are uncreative, accounting for a bland atmosphere. You can pick your drink from a reasonably extensive list without any eye catching option and there aren't many food choices (and no ice cream, to my amazement..).\nAll in all, it's a quiet place, without any ruckus or crowding which may be a good thing for some, but there is nothing that can make this rooftop experience into a lasting memory.", 'Some of the worst customer service ever! While the view, and the food were good the entire experience was ruined by the non-existent wait staff. Even though the resturant and patio were near empty we constantly had to track down the waiters, and remind them repeatedly about out orders. Dont bother- go to another rooftop.', 'Awesome place. Not really a point of interest for tourists. Perfect for a first date during summer. Never crowded during regular week days.', 'A very nice view and great place to relax and watch the city go by', 'Good place. Not bad burgers, nachos with tasty souse, and Guinness.', 'Irish man in Irish bar drinking Irish beer, left bitterly disappointed. Sunday night, dead, was only customer and no chat with bar man, who was more interested in hiding out the back. Tut Tut\nGuinness was just about ok.', 'Great place in the centre for all your sport.\nBest thing I experienced was the very friendly staff who seem to always smile and put up my poor attempt at polish.\nThe best ☘️ pub in Warsaw.\n\nCheers', "Irish and living in Warsaw. I've tried many of the fancy and trendy places in town, but I always come back to this place for the authentic vibe, great draft beer, nice bar food and good value. Staff and customers super friendly.\n\nIf your visiting, pop in for a quick pint!\nHighly recommend the cytrynowka shot ( homemad fresh lemon squeezed lemon  juice with vodka, served ice cold from the freezer). Best cyrtynowka in town.", 'I visited this bar an hour before closing and ordered some amazing cocktails with a couple of friends. We sat right by the bar and the bartender was really nice to talk to, and made us really good drinks.\n\nShe even made a custom drink that tasted amazing. The atmosphere was really good. We didn’t visit the upstairs but I think that would also be something to try. We didn’t order any food neither, but the drinks and staff both were great.', 'Very beautiful interior inside. They have also sits outside during summertime. Prices rather high but this is heart of Warsaw.', "Irish bar(?) for some reason playing very loud heavy metal music, bar upstairs also largely for watching sports. As far as I could  see the only thing Irish about the place was the name.\nStayed for one drink, wouldn't go back.", "Shocking prices !\n£10 for two halves of Guinness.\nThe barman laughed at me AFTER I'd ordered and quipped that it's just 5Zł extra (£1) for a full pint. After I asked him why didn't he inform me of this before I paid, and can I now pay the other 5Zł for the rest of the pint, he got nasty and shouted that he's already completed the transaction. THEN his misdemeanor towards me became even worse.", 'Curtis the owner was amazing. he went above and beyond to make sure that I was able to watch a LaLiga While other more popular games were going on at that time I really appreciate the customer service. Also the drinks were fairly priced!', 'The staff at Shamrock are truly the heart of the place. Their genuine smiles and attentive service add to the welcoming atmosphere. They have a knack for making each guest feel special, whether you’re a regular or a first-time visitor.', "No cleared, empty bar. Good music, but this is only one plus. Paid 42 zł for one Baby Guinness; the barman previously announced a 30zł price. When I asked again why I paid 42, he told me that the price is 42 zł 🤡. Also, they didn't give me receipts, which is highly forbidden by Polish law. Soap in WC is missing, as well as lock for the door.", 'Shamrock Pub: A Rollicking Good Time 🍀\n\nIf you\'re in search of an authentic Irish experience filled with laughter, music, and plenty of pints, then look no further than Shamrock Pub. This lively establishment boasts all the charm and character you\'d expect from a traditional Irish watering hole, with a few quirks that only add to its appeal.\n\nFrom the moment you step through the door, the sticky floor seems to grab hold of your shoes like a long-lost friend, making it clear that this is a place where folks come to let loose and enjoy themselves. The friendly atmosphere is infectious, and it won\'t be long before you find yourself raising a glass with the regulars.\n\nThe pints at Shamrock Pub flow as freely as the River Liffey, and you\'ll find a wide array of beers on tap to quench your thirst. While the food choices may not rival those of a fine dining establishment, the no-frills menu adds to the down-to-earth vibe of the place. Dishes like "Whatever\'s Left in the Fridge"  will make you feel right at home.\n\nBut what truly sets Shamrock Pub apart is the live music. Arrive after 11 pm, and you\'ll be treated to a veritable feast for the ears, as talented musicians take to the stage and fill the air with the sweet sounds of various tunes. The energy in the room is palpable, and it\'s not uncommon to see patrons dancing and singing along with the performers.\n\nIn short, Shamrock Pub is the perfect destination for those seeking a night of genuine Irish craic and ceol. While it may not be the most polished venue in town, its rough-around-the-edges charm is what makes it truly special. Whether you\'re a local or just passing through, be sure to stop by for a pint and a song – you won\'t be disappointed. Sláinte! 🍻', "This place was ok. The service was good but the food was mediocre. I had the fish & chips and the fish was OK, but the fries were not good. I like the Grimberger beer on tap, but I doubt I will return. There's so many places to eat in that area...", 'Terrible terrible Guinness in this place. I ordered two pints and both bartenders didn’t pour the Guinness correctly. As you can see there is bubbles all over the inside of the glass indicating the glasses are not clean - it’s likely these glasses were washed with other food plates / utensils which is why you can see the bubbles / Guinness not lacing to the side of the glass as you drink it. Two disappointing pints. Glass cleaning and staff training on pouring need attention.', 'Nice spot to have a good drink and watch a good game. Toilets could be better though. In general, I loved the place', 'Can’t recommend the pub. We were ignored by the staff. When we wanted someone to come to our table we were told we have to order by the bar because they don’t our table is too far? Lowest level of customer service I ever experienced when servers don’t even care enough to take an order. If you are looking for the worst place in Warsaw - that’s the place.', 'To notch lively craft ale pub pints about £1.88 great jukebox and good vibes.', 'In Side is a pub located at Nowy Świat 27A in Warsaw. Every day it draws many people who are looking for a fun night out and know how to actually find this place.\n\nThe location is quite unique. Situated in an old and partially abandoned building, to get there, you need to pass a dark corridor filled with graffitis and trash. Even though it may sound sketchy, I personally quite enjoyed this urbanist style.\n\nThe beer is very cheap. Probably the cheapest you can get in the city center. There are just a few varietes of beer served from the tap and it’s possible to add some sweet syrup for a small fee. However, you still get a choice of many other bottled drinks.\n\nThe jukebox is a nice addition. For a small price you can set up your own preferred music with karaoke, which makes for a great entertainment for the night, especially if you come there with a large group of friends.\n\nThe toilet are not in the best condition. Only one is open, it is usually dirty and often without a functioning lock.\n\nIn conclusion, I’d recommend this pub for anyone looking for a fun night out without spending too much money. The location is pretty interesting as well and the addition of the jukebox adds up to a quite unique experience in its own right.', 'Certainly one of those cool drinking places (for students)', 'Cool alternative pub with the cheapest beers in Warsaw...😊', 'Really fun and friendly pub that shows all the top football games.\nTheir pirogies were very good too!', 'Nice pub with London atmosphere. Good beer and sausages', "Great venue. The closest you'll get to a traditional English pub in Poland. Owner is always available and active in ensuring people have a good time. Food is brilliant too.", 'I remember this place many years ago. Now, No atmosphere - very poor service - not too friendly either. The waitress we had spent more time on her phone than the customers - all four.', "Now - if you are looking for a place to quitely drink your cheap beer, then this place is for you.\n\nHalf liter for 8zl, probably one of the best deals you can get outside happy hours. It's a very traditional bar, no fuss. Perfect location, people here are usually middle age and in the nights they can be quite drunk 😁 but it’s a real Polish experience 👌🏼", 'Fabulous local bar!! Lovely staff *****', "One of it's kind, original vintage Polish bar. Not another stylized copy or a network but a place ruled by same person for over 30 years. Homemade food, vodka and the owner lady makes the magic. Don't let it fade away and visit with friends!", 'Cosy. Loved their local cytrus-vodka. Great view on always busy "nowy świat” boulvar. Also quite tasty was local polish drinking snack - "Tatar".', 'Polish friend did not kid around when describing this place as “a comfy place with a bit of a character”.\n\n4 taps, so quickly explored, yet you want to stay just for the ambience. Has a bit of hidden gem feel to it.', 'Tiny, cozy place. Craft beer really good. Pork tamahowk was good. Thanks for evening.', 'Great food, great beer, great vibe ❤️', 'This is probably the best bar in Warsaw. They have maybe 4 or 5 craft beers on tap and also more cans and bottles.\nI had a pastrami sandwich which was excellent. The owner was happy to chat and tell me about the place. The decor is really cool and gives the place a nice atmosphere.\nA hidden gem - This is not your typical Warsaw bar.\nRecommend 100%', 'Cool bar and interior Design. Payed 40 for 2 Beers, they also have a little Beer Garden outside.', 'Probably the best pierogies I’ve ever had. Handmade and so delicious! Drinks are good too and atmosphere is chilled out.', 'I think this place comes alive only at night, because I went there midday and it was almost dead. Ordered pierogi and they were strictly okay. There was only one person manning the entire place and service was quite slow..', 'Quirky place with good craft beers and honestly some of the best Pierogi I ever tried in Poland. Stands out from other places so I recommend it highly. Smokers lounge in the back is a plus. Lots of expats and locals alike. Do visit!', 'A large group of us went here twice on our weekend in Warsaw in June 23. On the Friday we went in the basement - very atmospheric, good music, decent drinks. On the Saturday watched the Euro final upstairs - brilliant value for money.', 'Love at first sight! A lovely combo of local charm and Italian hospitality thanks to the bartender/waiter/owner! A cosy and warm place with good food that you just  wish to return to over and over again!', 'Great Karaoke Bar. Drinks are very reasonable, staff very friendly and atmosphere was electric.', 'Happened upon this bar while walking around Old Town. Met a ton of incredible people at their amazing karaoke night. Literally ended up staying till close. Come here if you’re looking for a great night out in Warsaw!', "Great atmosphere, beside alcohol drinks there's also coffee, apple & orange juice,about food, last time I've been there there was only chips and peanuts, it would be better to make reservation earlier as you probably wouldn't find a seat if you came last-minute, i can say there are approximately not more than 30 place including the seats next the barman, one more thing you need to be aware, this place accepts only cash payment.", 'Great place. Live broadcasts. Good beer. Friendly atmosphere', 'The place has its own atmosphere. I was a "stranger" and I think I didn\'t get into the atmosphere a bit, because it\'s a typical place for regulars. Little space, cramped and quite a narrow range of alcohols. In general, I recommend coming to drink on an ordinary beer day. If something happens, like a match, etc., I advise against it', 'A bit of a murderous atmosphere. Probably only for local Legia fans. You can drink beer, but there is no food. Payment only in cash. Only two tables outside, not much space inside. Nice owner.', "An embarrassing breakfast. Not worth any money.\n\nFirst of all coffee is BAD. The coffee was burned.  i didn't touch it.\n\nSecond of all, the food is also embarrassing. I ordered a bagel with guacamole, and what came was a not fresh bagel with a small portion of avocado without any addition, so it was not a guacamole. And the salad is just a bunch of lettuce with one cherry tomato.\n\nAnd also my husband got a soft egg which could only be described as a hard egg. Not to mention they gave him a fork to eat that (??). Had to give him the spoon from the cofee to eat that.", 'Really great pizza and tagliatelle with a 2 for 1 cocktail offer every day! Unfortunately we were not given an English menu but they have one online', 'I love this place! I’ve been here a few times during my time in Warsaw for breakfast and dinner and never disappointed. They have a lot of vegetarian options, all very tasty and perfectly cooked, and the staff are just lovely and very attentive. It’s also open 24 hours which is mind blowing 🤯.\nI will be definitely going back on my next trip to the city!', 'Amazing place with a big variety of drinks 🍹 and food 🥘 Two floors so it is spacious and interior design it’s modern and music suits that place a lot. We dine here after 11pm and place is very vibrant and busy. The waiter was very nice and really helpful. Really worth it to go especially with family and friends. For sure I’ll come back here for more good stuff ❤️', 'Amazing pub, good vibe nice drinks with decent prices. The staff is amazing and proffesional, except the DJ since he plays only his favorite songs and sings every time while the customers want to do that. But all in all amazing!🍺🔝', "Nice thematic place, a little bit longer wait today, like 25min waiting for herring and it wasn't like all of the people was ordering food.\nNow good things. Shots are very good, prices on the lower spectrum for city center, also it looks controversial and stylish.\nYou have to order on bar, so it's probably a good idea to sit on bar, like lots of people does.\nAfter all place is nice for a pub tour or something like that.", 'Nice that they are doing karaoke but the guy organising it, is just not respecting the orders of the songs, sings his song every 2min, as if it was his only and one moment in his whole life.\nSharing the mic with his friends only. Staying 2h and still no song.', "The dj threw ice at me, this is unacceptable!! What a shame on Poland, bar in the most touristic street in Warsaw is run by such rude staff. I'd never witnessed anything close to this before", 'Recently visited this place myself and it has left a great impression on me. The menu has a good variety of food and won’t leave you hungry. Meals are very impressive on taste and the hot wine is the best seasonal drink for now. The most important thing that I have to mention is the working crew, everyone is very nice and positive. I had a good time, definitely 5 stars and a great perspective for growing!', 'Food are great, personal and atmosphere are perfect. And count of people in Index confirms that the institution is good. we will be back for sure. Дякуємо!', 'Food: I ordered the rosoł soup, and chicken with mushrooms and mashed potatoes.\n\nThe soup looked decent but tasted just tasted as if it was made with one single bouillon cube, the croutons on the side was good.\n\nThe main dish was what disappointed me, I ordered chicken with mushroom sauce and mashed potatoes. One would think the mashed potatoes would be a side, but I was served the smallest amount of chicken (with more mushroom sauce than meat) on a bed of mashed potatoes. I liked the mushroom sauce, but the dish itself was relatively small and I felt like the plate’s main character was mashed potatoes, not chicken.\n\nThe atmosphere was a bit shady, the reason was probably the karaoke/stage side, since it was inactive, there were no lights in that corner, while I was sitting couple tables away, and besides me there was only a couple. I liked how subtle washroom entrance is, but there was a strange smell coming from it.', 'Horrible experience. 34 degrees, really hot day and we had to ask three times to turn on the air conditioning. We were a group of seven people ready to have lunch and drink a lot. We had a drink and ran away.\n\nThey are not attentive at all and there was nobody else in the bar!!', "As an American,  I wanted to try this place out.   Fur those who know Applebee's or Chili's,  this place is similar.   Great wooden accents with modern touches.   The menu has a great selection.   We were there during happy hour,  so my husband and I enjoyed a few special priced cocktails.   The food arrived quick and everything tasted great. We both got hamburgers and they were in the larger side - we had to take the rest home.   So if you are visiting from the U.S , this place will give you a touch of home.", 'Delicious food and wine (they serve your wines in Riedel glasses!). They do serve some American-like dishes as well as a standard selection. The cocktail menu seems to be extensive as well, catered to everyone’s taste. The service is admirable!', "Great ambiance | Warm service | Delicious food.\n\nThe ambiance is perfect. They have screens inside and if you are a sports fan - It is a great place to watch the sport.  The staff is polite.\n\nTheir classic lunch menu has huge portions which include a soup and a main course. We ordered 2 lunch menus - Tomato soup and Spinach Pasta & French onion soup and Chicken tacos. The thick and creamy tomato soup with crispy bread was such bliss. The french onion soup served with bread dipped and topped with cheese was very tasty. Chicken tacos and Pasta on the lunch menu have huge portions and were delicious. The serving presentation is impressive too. It was a perfect lunch, couldn't ask for anything better!\n\nFound it one of the best places for the lunch menu which is absolute value for money. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!", 'As a fellow American I had to put this place to the test… it passed! From the ambiance, to the service and the food, it’s great! I would recommend any of the burgers for anyone looking to have an American burger while in Warsaw!', "An excellent craft beer pub. Some of the reviews may be a little confusing because it's run as a joint venture with the place across the road.\n\nWe visited twice and had a great experience. Great beer and a welcoming atmosphere.\n\nAlso, excellent staff who understand both the beer and people-focussed sides of the job - and seem to enjoy them.\n\nThe only negative is that the single toilet should be better. The very small WC has a translucent door, while there's a sliding door to the sink area, which doesn't lock so it's not the most comfortable feel.\n\nStill highly recommended as a modern craft beer place that anyone should feel comfortable in.", 'Enjoy a Beer under the Dragon. They also offer Pizza and Burger. Good Stop for a drink on a long sightseeing day.', 'Yes to all. Even if the food is not top notch, everything else is. Beer selection (look at the fridge) and the other fridge with barrel aged dark stuff. 😍\nThe service is super friendly! Music is not cliche and very interesting!  Love it!', 'If you are a beer fan then this a place to visit in the old town of Warsaw. A very wide selection of different types of beer.  The taste is great and unusual, you will definitely find something you like.  Price is also good, enough space for friends and company.  The atmosphere inside is very friendly and welcoming.  I would love to come back some time in the future. Definitely worth the visit.', 'Pizza and karkówka both good, but service very variable. Check your beer to make sure you get full measure. Some staff nice, others rude.', 'They try to scam you on the number of drinks you have had, so always make sure you check the bill before paying. I am disappointed as I used to come here for years and at first I thought it was an honest mistake at their end. It’s not.', 'A very nice surprise. Napolitan-level pizza and quick and efficient service.\nI do recommend.', "Normal pub in a great location. Perfect for people watching. What distinguish it from other pubs is the neapolitan pizza: easily one of the best pizza in town by the sheer fact it is made with the original recipe, as in Naples. If we compare it to the pizzerias back in Italy, it is very average (I suspect they don't keep the oven hot enough and pizza remains partly uncooked). If you're expecting a Polish or American pizza, look elsewhere.", 'Very hospitable. They accommodate a large group of 10 in a cozy private area perfect for a group setting. Loved the setting, wine was great and food was awesome. The main duck meal was a bit dry but otherwise everything was spot on!', 'Amazing polish food and service!\nNice staff they are so friendly, their food is amazing I had the best tomato soup ever! And I had dumplings stuffed with mushrooms and sour cabbage it was so delicious and tasty!', 'Excellent eatery. Great duck. Perfectly cooked. Great beers. Hidden gem! Amazing. Friendly service. Make sure you have a spot outside. Inside is nice as well but the music is a bit loud. Outside is absolutely lovely.', 'A gem in a tourist area. Beautifully balanced tastes in the beef tartar. Both duck dishes were delicious. Nice atmosphere and the owner clearly takes pride in his work and enjoys what he does. Highly recommend.', 'Great atmosphere and very good prices for drinks', 'Edit ** this review was in error, intended for an Irish bar in city Centre. Although in response to the responder of this review , it would seem you have a chip on both shoulders !\nTake a pint and relax yourself . Certainly no issue with Irish owned bars doing well and I also have 5 star reviews . But I will leave 3 stars anyway for effort it takes for the angry reply.\nAll the best X', "Absolutely great atmosphere especially during the RWC23 final. Just a shame that there isn't always enough space for everyone. Really worth having a pint and a snack during a visit in Kraków", 'A very nice Irish pub with Guinness, live music and sports. One my favorite bars in town, very friendly staff and opportunity to get food from nearby food truck area.', 'Popular loud pub, food is pub grub nothing special but fine. Staff are efficient but keep asking if you want another drink before you have even had chance to enjoy the current one. Good place to watch the football', 'Great craic. Great service,  Great Guinness. OK karaoke.\nGood night out but a bit pricey when you enjoy 16pints of Guinness n your daughter like the same !', 'The staff food atmosphere is brill, we returned the following day.. the bacon sandwich and pizza were delicious, cocktails are fab. The staff are so friendly chatty, plenty tvs is your looking to watch a game', 'True irish pub. Great Fish & chips, great burgers.', 'An Irish pub in the Maly Rynek. They show sports games. There are Guinness and Murphys. Guinness tasted somewhat strange but it was acceptable. I sat at the bar and asked to pay asap which was weird though.', 'This is a typical British-style pub that appears to cater mostly to the expat, and English tourist crowd, as well as the stag-night scene. Decorated in the English pub style, i.e., wood paneling and dark wallpaper. There is lots of room inside and quite a few tables outside. You can watch an FA match here as well as cricket and rugby along with other sports. There is a kitchen serving up the usual suspects of pub grub, fish and chips, bangers and mash, English fry up, hamburgers, and an assortment of other deep fried foods. The food is hit-or-miss, the staff is fairly unfriendly and often acts as if they were doing you a favor for serving you. There are better English style pubs in Krakow.', 'Lovely atmosphere here. Drinks are fabulous especially the strawberry and passion fruit daiquiris. Not that expensive which is a plus. And all the staff are so welcoming. They have karaoke most nights which is a good time too. Definitely go visit while your here.', "I was disappointed that service charge was added on to our bill when there was no mention of service charge beforehand. This is unfair trading practice.\n\nPrices are relatively expensive for Krakow.\n\nFrom what I experienced there's a lot of people celebrating stag-dos here.\n\nOn the plus side they do have many large TVs to watch sports matches on.", "Very cool pub.  Even though the climate is to be marine in Krakow, it actually works. The atmosphere and the people are very nice and the menu of drinks and snacks varied. The only thing is that the tables are close together but that's a thing in all pubs.  Busy but not extremely crowded. Found a table on Friday at 8 pm. Relaxed atmosphere to a point where a dog came in with party and no one minded. That's a definite plus for me.", 'We found this place on the way back home and were surprised to find a decent variety of craft beers. The interior is well decorated and has good amount of tables both inside and outside', 'Stumbled upon this quirky nautical bunker. Good beers, enough rums to sink a tanker and singalong ditties to keep you merry.', 'Cozy, nautical themed bar.  Decent enough service and good beer except for the Murphy’s on tap. Awful and undrinkable! But I should have known better to order it in a Polish pub. Best to stick to the local beer.', 'That’s a nice pub. They have some remake of IPA from 2000th called “Dog in the fog”. Good place to get one or a couple of drinks.', 'Nice atmosphere. Note that you should order at the bar at the entrance and then take your seat. Food was good, drinks as well. Nice place to go to after work. Guys, do serve napkins with the food please', 'Food was spectacular, beer was great, service was excellent and the staff were friendly. Honestly all of the bad reviews are from people with no sense of humor that take themselves too seriously. The staff like to joke around here, which is how I think any good pub should be. Will definitely return.', "The food was, simply, amazing. Traditional Polish cuisine at it's best. The portions are immense. The staff are very polite and welcoming, and interactive. The Krakow-style stew was the star of the evening. Best of all, the price is very reasonable.\n\nRegards and recommendations from Serbia!", 'Had the English Breakfast. Would liked the eggs to be runny. Overall, a nice breakfast but has gotten smaller since I last visited last year. Friendly staff and prompt service.', 'Popped in here several times at different times of the day/night, had morning coffees and breakfast. To the evening listening to great singers relaxing with a bottle of vino. Great atmosphere and very friendly staff.', 'Came here originally to drink and then they recommended burgers. Terribly over cooked. Music was top loud', 'The food was okay but was quite disappointed with the staff. We had to wait for quite some time before someone came to us. No menu on the table and the atmosphere in the pub was quite off, Not friendly and every staff was rushing around . Not professional at all.', 'What a fantastic pub, staff second to none. 5 nights almost same seat no problem at all. Would like to know what you call the hotel/apartment before you go downstairs?', "I ordered burger and fries.\n1. Unfortunately the burger was really tasteless.\n2. Didn't get my fries. There was a big order on a different table so the staff brought every order together and apparently gave the fries to someone else, even though I've asked them about my order they said that it's not yet prepared. In a few minutes they brought the burger but not the fries and I was under impression that they are still not prepared. In 30 minutes I approached the staff and they informed my that all ordered fries were already given. Even though it's not my fault that the staff has mismanaged the orders, they kinda made the impressions that it's the clients fault that I did not inquire with other customers if they took my fries (even though I've asked about my order). After all, The staff did not want to prepare a new order for me. Highly disappointed in a poor order distribution system and on the fact that the staff didn't want to compensate for something that's clearly not the client's fault.\n\nAlso the AC was blowing cold like crazy. You can maybe put in a mode where it just blows on the ceiling only.", 'Football Football  Mainly from England\nSo this is your go to place to watch Football From England  (And elsewhere)  Around  13.00 Polish zloty\n£2.60 €2.95 euro for a large 🍺\nAnd always better when your team wins as mine did .\nOne word of caution  the Bar is a Cellar Bar so steps down into the Bar and also up steps to the Toilets.', 'There is not great selection of beer and some positions are overpriced. Also there are no food at all but you can order or bring whatever you want. Atmospheres is the best that this pub have.', 'Service 10/10\nShots 8/10\nPierogi 2/10\n\nAmazing place for daydrinking.', 'Great place to have many kind of drinks in a relaxed atmosphere for gear price', 'Very cheap and good!\nI recommend this place', 'Good and cheap alcohol.. sadly there were no cocktails, but you can make one with just ordering a shot and add put it in sprite.. i reccomend the apple shots with sprite.. they have cheap 1.5l beer too.. this was the most affordable alcohol i ever drank.. i paid less than €1,50 for a shot of alcohol', 'Calm atmosphere, soothing vibes, and beautiful interior. It is possible to bring your pet here (but do confirm with the staff beforehand).', 'a travel to the past:) nostalgic', 'Cracking boozer', "Time stopped in this place, and that's good :) I played truant there in high school, I went there during my studies, I stood behind the bar for a while and returning to the same place after many years was soothing. Although everything is in perfect order here - delicious cold beer as always, cruelly disgusting wine - as always, darts, dancing around the tables - everything is there. Even if I didn't want to, I would still come back :D", "Small and cosy, and a lot to look at as a football fan 👀 also friendly staff and very cheap beer 👌 7 zloty which is less than 2 euro for a pint. I wonder what it's like beeing there during the world cup, the whole place outside was full with people in jerseys.", 'Nice beer, great for the Ireland match in June with the outdoor area beside it\n\nCheap too', 'Amazing bar! Well worth the visit. Lovely owner, great beer 10 out of 10', 'Love this place, super friendly and funny little bar!', 'Great place wit friendly atmosphere to stay with friends or colleagues', 'Bar with welcoming and nice atmosphere for a drink or more. At city center with nice music and welcoming atmosphere. Totally recommend it !!!', 'love this place. comfy, warm (even has fireplace), can order pizza from Presto, wide variety of % and nice staff. Every Wed. they host Pub Quiz but keep in mind to book table before comming in', 'Friendly bar man, friendly locals, great choice of beers, atmospheric interior and of course Royal Family plates ;-) love this place', 'Great atmosphere and friendly staff, with very well priced and tasty cocktails on the menu!', 'Beautiful place & service, amazing cocktails.. love it!', 'Mariusz is a great bartender, very energetic, polite and good vibe. Nice evening', 'even if their are little people y have to ask fir drink by yourself. nobody is coming to serve y. a security is cimming telling y y have to order something. typical poland. rude, no style, no culture, barbares. as guest y are just a pieuce of coin. if y want to drink a monte white wine they dont know what it is. why not replace service stuff with robots?', 'This is great! Been there recently with my GF for some cheese toast, not only was the food great, but the staff is very friendly and helpful too!', 'I really like this place. They have tasty food, cakes and all types of beer.', 'Very tasty  cakes as for such a small place. Place  deliver current points for pc users.!', 'Cozy and friendly environment. I really love their breakfast choices.', 'Amazing place with tasteful beers. Best place to enjoy beers in relax.', "Quiet Sunday evening, need customers, I arrive, the brown haired bartender is polite, the blonde haired bartender however looks at me like a piece of garbage. No pleasantries. I am English but approached the transaction in Polish, no attitude, just a guy politely asking for a beer. If that's your attitude you need another job.", 'Good choice of draft beers. They change periodically and usually have some for every taste.', 'Funky and unusual beer! Nice service!', 'I had a good time over there. The owner is a genuine person. Overall it was an experience worth having.', 'M3 Pub feels like home. People from India with nice and warm hospitality...', 'Great service and good atmosphere ..I fully recommended it', 'Nice Pub... interesting place too go in Lodz....', "It's a pretty nice place.  The sauces are as delicious as the pizzas.  If you happen to drop by, definitely stop by, you won't regret it.", 'Amazing experience at this pizza pub, the owners are super friendly and the food is tasty', 'Tasty, fast and cheap food! Perfect place!', 'Nice place and also good for vegan food', 'The worse ever burger. Only bread and and meet.', 'The ambiance of this place is attractive... but, that is it. We ordered 2 items. Ice tea and an appitizer of chicken. The iced tea took 30 mins to come, and the chicken never came after 1 hour. I paid and said thank you. Then they said the chicken would be out in 2 mins. I declined and left.... then I realized they still charged me for the chicken which never came to our table. Terrible. Avoid.', "The food here was horrible. The tempura shrimp were tiny and were served cold. The noodle salad on which they were served seemed like a concoctuon of leftover tagliatelle with the leftover pieces of ginger from someone's sushi and an entire bottle of a very strong, store-bought, condiment-like sauce.\n\nI also had a chicken bucket, which was simply horrendous. The chicken tasted like it was cooked, frozen and then reheated. It was way overcooked and had a floury texture. The batter lacked any flavour and had gone all soggy at the bottom.\n\nMy wife's tomato soup was the the best thing we ordered. The soup itself was tasty, but at the bottom sat a mass of mozzarella that hadn't melted and could easily be a choking hazard.\n\nService was friendly and drinks were good. Hence the 2 stars.", "We have eaten breakfast There and recommendations it to everyone. it was excellent! Different menus. We had Scandinavian, Men's breakfast and sweet crepes for three person. Very tasty. Good prices. One cafe is without a charge. The service is really good.", 'Amazing place.The best Mad Dogs around. Must seen', 'Ok', 'Nice coffee.', 'Delicious food, great service :) I recommend it!', 'Great little cosy coffee place. Espresso was perfect and went very well with the cheesecake ....yummy. Will be back for a longer break with bigger coffee and surely another dessert.', "Great place to sit down and have a coffee. I'm here pretty much every day. They have quite great selection of drinks including alcohol and wine. A few times my evening tea sessions turned into a good drinking festivities.", 'Delicious desserts and coffee...unfortunately small portions. It is not a place for every day consumption- prices are higher that average.', 'A nice and friendly place for drinking coffee, meeting with friends, looking at the people in lively piotrkowska. I preferred to sit there for working with my laptop. Although mid-aged women groups prefer here mostly, a mid-aged male digital nomad may also enjoy the atmosphere, at least for looking at stylish women while working. If anyone can find a big americano for 14 zlotys and an actually functioning electricity plug in piotrkowska, s/he should feel happier.', "Cosy place, standard beers on tap. Some craft beers in the bottles, but nothing special. Lots of other alcohol as well of course. The place is cosy, bartenders are ok. There's a mezzanine if you like it, but I prefer to sit at the bar.", "Love a Scottish pub on foreign soil, it is actually a mish mash of Scottish and Irish I'd say but we were made to feel most welcome on the 3 occasions we visited (we were only in Wroclaw for 3 nights but it was on our way back to the hotel!) local vodka and Coke 10 zloty, jd and Coke 17 zloty. Generous measures and friendly service. What's not to love? It's a bit of a sports bar as well, volleyball was playing every night on the big screen.", "Nice Pub with very good craft beers! The bar is roomy, an upper story on the top half, friendly staff and an Irish Pub feeling, that you forget, you're in Poland. Best AIPA in town.", 'Good pub, nice staff and Guinness on tap, remember when it opened', "This is an excellent bar, inside and out, day or night. Good night time atmosphere in the bar but the seated area, taking in the square, is worth the wait if it's full.", 'Great place, always busy even on a Monday night, enjoyable atmosphere and very decent prices', 'Great place to meet your friends. Always good atmosphere, cheap and tasty food, good drinks. I guess I should have received their discount by now, considering how many times I visited this place.', 'The worst experience ever. Not knowing English but with the command written in a piece of paper, my father wanted to have a coffee, however was poorly treated and kicked out of the bar. Awful service, will not come back for sure!!!', 'Great pub, good, cheap beer. Cheapest Guinness. Love it', "Great place with good prices and friendly atmosphere. It offers some draught beers and a range of bottled ones as well as shots and whisky. And when you're bored, you can always borrow a board game!", "Cosy, friendly bar just a few minutes' walk from the market square (though it's easy to miss – just look for the 'Litovel' sign). There's an Anglo-Irish feel to the place. If you look carefully, you can see it has a naval theme ('Pod Kilem' means 'Under the Keel'). There is a small room at the back with free table football. It has Irish music evenings from time to time. The friendly bar staff serve Guinness on the rare occasions they can get it delivered! Litovel beer currently just 10 złoty for half a litre. Cocktails decently priced, though don't expect an umbrella and a cherry! On regular evenings, music usually plays over the speakers and can make conversation a little difficult, although they will turn it down if you ask. Dogs are welcome. Overall, a great place for a drink in town.", 'Drinks are cheap, bartender is fun to talk to. Music (mostly rock and metal) quiet enough to talk to people.', 'To eat good quality steaks, certainly recommend to visit here.\nAll menus ordered were so yummy and nice visually. Especially, mushroom soup had special taste.!\nGeneral atmosphere inside was quite nice with football screen.', 'We were waiting for an order for more than 1 hour! Also, in menu there was no rukola in burgers. In reality, they didn’t put a salad, but there was A LOT of rukola. Also, no caramelized onion. Well, the food didn’t match a menu at all. And it wasn’t tasty. Disappointed.', 'The best burgers and steaks in Wroclaw. And actually the best steak I’ve ever eat!!! Our favourite place! Highly recommended! 100/100! Value for price.', 'Wonderful staff & Service.  So pleased we found this little gem. Apologies for being a little drunk 😉', 'All employees were so kind to describe menu in detail.\nAtmosphere is typical local pub with music and conversions by people.\nIn case of foods, foods and price were great except for fried potatoes.', 'One of my favorite place in the town. 8 different beers on offer change every time. Their coctails are also good. Definetely one of the best places for groups', 'Amazing spot for craft beer, cocktails, and good eats. Visited twice while passing through town and it was great. The buffalo wings, pulled pork sandwich, and ribs are all tasty. Beer selection changes daily and can always find something nice to drink.', "Excellent beer selection. I'm in love with that habanero chocolate pastry stout.\n\nFirst ever beef tatar was nice too 😁", 'I’m an Irish-Scottish resident of Wroclaw, and have long missed the presence of a bar that serves reliable Guinness and also has a good whisky collection. Well, finally it’s here.\n\nThe Guinness is consistently excellent, the whisky selection is truly world class, and the staff are knowledgeable and extremely friendly.\n\nThere’s also something here to fit every budget. If whisky is something new to you, there’s no need to be shy as the staff are happy to advise, and also offer introductory tasting sets.\n\nAlso excellent bourbon cocktails are available. Superlative, my full recommendation.', 'Awesome bar with ideal delicious cocktails that made just perfectly. Definitely worth to visit and try few drinks. Bartenders really knows what they are doing.', 'Worth visiting ;)', '👌🏻👌🏻🍺🍹', 'After delivering many times Pizza Pub decided to decrease quality and sent me pizza which was not fresh at all. The smell was really bad. Manager decided do not do anything with that. Would not recommend this pizza pub! UPD: I do like blue  cheese and issue was with meat, that exactly was stated to Pizza Pub.', 'Super cool place, stays open till bright morning, you can dance, have a laugh or just get drunk. *****  *** song has become anthem of last night. Only downside is small choice of craft beers but other than that I can’t complain. Oh and bartender was cool af.', "Very, very tasty pizza in Wrocław. We will order once again soon because we really enjoyed it. You have to try their pizza's!", 'A great little spot to find a collection of hidden places to eat and drink. The pizza place has the most eclectic aray of things. Very random but strangely addictive to poke and prod. Pizza will take while as its fresh, but worth the wait. Favourite was the spicy chicken. Joice of beers.', 'I had a vegetarian breakfast here - Tofu Salad Toasts and it was delicious. Perfectly crispy toasted bread and fresh salad. It was made by Chef Krystyna.\nVinaigreat \U0001f90c🏼😄', 'Nice bar with its own vibe.Great spot for people watching, suggest you enjoy the beer rather than the food.', 'Very nice, classy restaurant with good meals, friendly service and typical polish food. Recommendation!', "Food was awful, was gonna say the worst Polish food I'd ever been served, but the restaurant next door to this was even worse. Very low quality produce, saw lots of food being wasted by customers due to low standard. Description of my meal was misleading, I was expecting some sort of steak or cutlet (said Beef/pork) but when arrived it was a shaped burger and my wife's sausage was like dry oats. Service was slow as they looked a bit understaffed (Saturday afternoon) but place was not busy, and all waitresses looked rushed off their feet. Prices not too bad , but you get what you pay for. Not sure what it is about Wroclaw square, never had a decent 'Polish' meal in the  square itself, nice indipendant Pizza place 3-4 doors up and never been disappointed there.", 'I love this place. Disco, watching football matches, good food,  drinks, all awesome 👌', 'A great venue, great for a dance, reasonably priced, and cocktails and well done! Owner fabio was lovely and made us feel very welcome.', 'Excellent place for a few drinks and to watch the football, staff made us feel welcome during our stay and also has great prices. Would recommend to anyone', 'I only ordered a drink and was happy to go to the ground floor. Not a big fan of basement pubs. It’s well located but too dark for my liking.', "Literatka might be my favourite cafe to sit and chat with my friend in Wrocław. The waiters are friendly and knowledgeable and willing to answer our questions about the products. Outdoor seating available in spring and summer. Two parts available for sitting inside. Inside, there is a smaller and illuminated seating area at the front entrance compared to the rear. The back is much larger than the front, smoking is free and has a 2nd floor. Prices are one click above the general average of the city. There is no atmosphere like any music or party inside That's why you can see the middle age group chatting inside, but also the student group who study. In short, it is a very nice place for calm bodies and souls to sit down, have a drink, chat and spend time.", "Honestly, this has been the best pub we’ve ever been to. The interior, signature drinks, and hospitality have made our night in Wroclaw. If you're looking for a great night out with fantastic service and alcohol, you gotta drop by!\n\nHuge props to our bartender for the night, Kamila! Hope we'll come by again soon :)", 'Waited for 20 mins to get drinks. Lavender haze is very light, aviation is sour but inexpressive and small drink.', 'This place is just a really relaxing place to have drinks and a smoke, competent wait staff and great tasting Gins, whiskeys and beers, even busy the service is quick. I am happy to visit this place over and over.', 'Excellent gin cocktails. Lot of choices and good advices.', 'Bar is tended by true hobbyists of gin and anything related to stronger liqueur. I recommend trying it out to see how gin can be trully different and adaptable to your taste. Gin & tonic you drank before is nothing compared to what you can get here. Stay open and explore different experiences.', "Lovely place, BUT there is no drinks menu.. the waiter offered us a gin with tonic for 55 zl ea, however he haven't mentioned the price... my girlfriends had guiness for 30zl ea. I mean... prices are crazy and the worst thing is there is no info about it... No price list on the table it's alarming!", 'I was here on. One of the happiest day of my mast year, and Agnieszka made this day even better. One of the best bartenders I’ve met! Honestly, she rocks', 'Great atmosphere and nice pub food staff are very friendly and helpful.\nAlso if you are a smoker and fan of post-punk/the cure etc go down stairs! Heaven!', 'Lovely atmosphere, a lot of international events, langauge events and amazing beers and snacks! It was good to be back after a long time. Food menu has updated, options for vegans, vegetarian. The bar makes some exclusive cocktails, do ask ;)', 'Bit dissapointed in music, some weird sad polish hip hop. Staff seemed unhappy too. Expected different mood.', 'Interesting bar in the underground. 4 stars for getting the wet glass for beer with water leftover in it.', 'Good service good cocktails but not enough alcohol inside', "I recently visited Papa Bar in Wroclaw and had an amazing experience! The highlight of my visit was definitely the hostess, Viktoria. She made us the most delicious cocktails and took the time to explain the ingredients in detail. Her proficiency in English and French made our visit even more enjoyable. She was super friendly, always had a smile on her face, and made our time there unforgettable.\n\nThe ambience of the bar was perfect for a weekend hangout. The party music was great and created a fun and lively atmosphere. The staff were all very friendly and accommodating, making us feel welcome from the moment we stepped in.\n\nOverall, I would highly recommend Papa Bar to anyone looking for a great night out in Wroclaw. With Viktoria's amazing cocktails and the fantastic atmosphere, this bar is a must-visit. I give it a 100% recommendation!", 'Very nice and big cocktail bar with really good cocktails. The service was also great. Average price of a cocktail 40 zloty', 'I was last week with my girlfriend and Konrad made us one of the best cocktails we have ever tried. He was really professional the whole time and spoke in English with us. For sure we will repeat', 'Just went in for late night drinks. When you walk into the main door of what appears to be a theatre there are two bars, one on right & one on left.\nThe bar on the left which we went into allowed smoking.\nVery art deco with candles.\n25 PLN for beer & wine.\nWine choices are limited as in most places in city bars to red /white and dry /semi dry.', "It was a place I heard a lot about before. With her suggestion to chat with my friend, I finally came across my path after 1 year. Contrary to what you might think from the outside, it has a very small area inside. Prices are not cheap enough to say wow, not too expensive either. Beer is 12 zloty/2.55€. I did not fully understand the concept as I went once. It had a quiet atmosphere until midnight, but after a certain hour, the tables downstairs were removed, the DJ came and the atmosphere turned into a nightclub. Frankly, I didn't like to find myself in a noisy environment like a night club while I was just wanting to chat with my friend that night, but as I said, I went for the first time, I don't know the concept. When we asked for an ashtray, the waiter told us that smoking is prohibited, but no one cared about electronic cigarette smoking inside.", "Another great find in Wrocław!\n\nArt cafe totally justifies the art it wears in its title. Located right in the city centre next to the university of Wroclaw main building, this place is worth checking out. They have a super vibrant interiors and nice seating space, with dedicated sections for smokers and non smokers. Great music and amazing staff! You can work here all day long or stay for the night to get darker and grab a beer and dance to the tunes of amazing music being played here. Give it a shot when you're in or around city center!", 'What a setting for a bar/bistro in Wroclaw! Great atmosphere, great choices when it comes to drink and friendly and efficient service staff!\nThe place itself is a must-see! Two entrances here: one small area for beers (seatings at the counter and few indoor ones) and the second one with great seating options (there is also a terrace).', 'Breakfast and lunch.  Excellent coffee choices.  Breakfast and lunch items are delicious, we already tried many positions.  Service is always very friendly 😀.  This place is little hidden in the middle of a apartment complex.', 'Delicious place a bit outside of city centre but worth visiting. The interior is beautiful and the dishes are tasty.\n\nTip: ask for a bread with butter if you want more in addition to the soups. It’s amazing and was served free of charge for us.', 'Good breakfast, nice capuchino, quiete atmosphere inside living area.', 'Popular breakfast restaurant “hala monko ” & my disappointment: shakshuka with egg shell and hair, it’s combo\n29.09.23', "if you're looking for a great place and good beer, where the service is quick and polite, and the music and atmosphere is awesome, this is a place for you", 'A great bar. Lovely locals and great beer! Would recommend coming here for a few beers. Bar staff always really welcoming. Darts downstairs in the basement which is always fun too!', "Perfect place to watch football matches while enjoying beers with friends.\n\nReason for not getting 5 stars, was two TV's were not working😟", 'I’m Irish and I visit Poznan regularly. Tanners is a great pub. The Guinness here is really good and consistent. It’s a stone throw from the old square. Highly recommend it for a group of lads wanting a good afternoon or a group on a staycation. It’s football friendly and has a lot of draught beers. Highly recommend.', 'Beers are good and there are plenty of seats and an inside smoking room, which was packed. We sat in the main bar, which has lots of interesting art and paraphernalia on the walls. The toilets are pretty dirty and disgusting however, with no seats/locks on doors/soap/hand dryers.', "Another absolute classic of Poznan nightlife. Prices aren't what they used to be, but the decorations haven't changed since ever.", 'Nice place to sit with a group of friends - not as crowded and lound as other pubs in the neighborhood. Both smoking and non-smoking areas, reasonable prices, good drinks, nice climate with rock music.', 'Nice place to chill and it has indoor smoking room', 'Cool place. Same old atmosphere, even after twenty years.', 'Coziest bar ever! I could Tay here for hours- eclectic and welcoming, like a living room.', 'The place looks very cozy and the bartender made amazing custom cocktails. Totally recommend', "Really nice quirky pub with lost of books and art around. They play smooth jazzy music that's perfect background for evening chats with friends. Only downside it's cash only and the are no IPAs on the menu however other drinks choices are plenty", 'Nice Bar, very cheap prices compared to the other bars around.\nCool vibes, definitely will come back.', 'A Great bar. A huge selection of cocktails in a building that has an amazing atmosphere and surroundings. The drinks are all very cheap, especially for the location. Well worth a quick visit', 'Its a good n cheap place u will get discounts on tuesday by 50%', 'Cute little retro bar within the Old Square.', "everytime I pass through Poznan railway station I break my life-long vegetarian/pescatarian lifestyle. And all that sacrifice to devour a home made pork cutlet. I will make amends when I'm back in London I promise ;)", 'Absolutely incredible local bar and grill. I had the chuck steak and a few sausages and they were amazing. Take the time to check it out!', 'Super hidden but good people, good place, good food.', 'only a few things from the menu were available', "Everything in this place reminds of what taverns used to look like in the late 70's, early 80's. It is pretty dark in there but that's how it is supposed to be. You get to see old radios, old cassette players, pretty much every gadget from that era. Beer is a lot cheaper than most of the places in the area.", 'Nice place to drink a beer. Looks a bit old and could use a upgrade.', 'A cool place with a good service and a wide variety of drinks. And, of course, rock music', 'Good variety of beers, great music, helpful barmans, basically - I really like to spend time there. Nice garden for spring/summer season.', 'Super friendly bar staff. Great atmosphere. Great beer.', 'Just a perfect craft bar. 8 taps mostly from one loca brewery. A lot of bottles.  Beer snacks, both meet a veggie. Friendly stuff, nice guests', 'Great place - after a fun night I left my jacket with my car keys on Saturday night at the bar. I was due to fly home on Sunday before the bar opened - I called them up and they sent out the barman to open the place early so I could retrieve my jacket and car keys!! Excellent customer service - much appreciated! Thank you!', 'Great selection of craft beers.\nThere is board behind the bar that helps you pick what type of beer would you like to drink which I think is amazing thing- really really helpful.\nPeople working there are always willing to help with a choice.', "Honestlly,  it's my favorite place in Poznan. Staff are very friendly & helpful. Service is excellent. Atmosphere is very classy & peaceful. Everything was super nice every time I went there. Thanks to the management & the staff. Special big thanks to Sacha, Aga & Gosia.\nDram Bar is highly highly recommended.", 'Soft light, big cocktail list (recommend the specials) life music at evenings.\nWe tried food course, soup, main and dessert (can recommend only the meat )', 'I heard Jazz and I followed the music and I ended there. It was live music. No entrance fee. I had a good table for one. I asked for non-alcoholic cocktail and a chocolate dessert, both were great. Good prices. Nice service. I would recommend it.', 'We went there as part of the restaurant week. Every few months they rearrange the restaurant. This time it was Harry Potter style. You can see posters and flying brooms on the walls.\nLive music every Wednesday.\nThe food is proper. However, portion rabbits could be a bit bigger.\nLovely staff.', 'Nice place to meet if you want to talk.', 'A great place to hang out with friends, delicious drinks and friendly service', 'Nice place for a beer in the center of Poznań', '', 'Absolutely great food, wonderful service and atmosphere.  Very reasonable price.', "This place is a hidden gem. It almost doesn't fit in poznan! Pizza is 10/10 better than most dedicated pizzerias ans their main course are always perfectly executed.", "It's a place with very good service. Helpful, friendly and very professional. Food was only decent so only 4 stars. Another small minus for the feeling of ongoing constructions.", 'Nice small corporate dinner', 'Amazing food! Cheese burger was to die for! Best I’ve ever had in my life.\n\nService was 10/10 and atmosphere was even better.\n\nI literally could not recommend any better', "Not quite sure what made it Irish apart from a flag and some Guinness, but that's not the point. Great bar in a great location and lots of sports on! Beer and food was spot on. Just remind the bar staff that lager should never come in a Guinness glass and vice versa!", 'Grass is becoming one of our favourite places in Gdańsk!! The food is OK, snacks and some burgers go perfect with beers they have, Guinness is amazing! We went there when Liverpool played to Real, the atmosphere was great and audience was nice, too!!\nStaff is good and helpful.\nThis place is worth visiting!', 'Ended up choosing this place when we first arrived. Even though it has a bar atmosphere it has plenty of menu options to choose from. Here I ended up getting the duck and onion pierogi. My companions got the burger and ribs good comments all around. Staff was great the checked in every so often.', 'About as Irish as an English cup of tea. Polish food, fake UK interior, polish beer.', "Food was nice but staff not very helpful. Asked was there a place to get a taxi and was informed they didn't know but when we walked out the door we saw one to the left of the pub about half minute walk????", 'A bit strange because it\'s nothing like a Celtic (or "Keltic" pub) apart from a few posters, including a map of England.\n\nHowever, it grows on you when you\'re there for a while.\n\nLive football and decent Guinness, for central Europe are pluses, as is the outside terrace.\n\nThe staff were very kind, friendly, hard-working and attentive. I particularly appreciated a couple of checks to see if we were okay after a very drunk guy sat down to talk to us. We didn\'t mind at all but that sort of care deserves to be recognised because it wouldn\'t happen everywhere.', 'Fantastic pub in Gdańsk, and I must say, it exceeded all expectations. The staff were incredibly friendly and attentive, with Maja standing out as a shining example of excellent service. She introduced us to the delightful Książęce Pszeniczne beer, which was a true revelation and added a unique touch to our evening.\n\nThe atmosphere of the pub was simply amazing - it had a warm and welcoming vibe that made it the perfect place to enjoy and unwind with friends.', 'Really loved the vibes down there! Great value for the price. Amazing place, definitely will go back👍!', 'Very bad service....too late.', 'Lovely place', '', "Amazing atmosphere and the dj was great but the food wasn't exactly compelling. Better grab a meal somewhere else before coming.", 'Best hangout-pub in Gdansk. Cheap drinks and good vibes. However, some of the daytime staff are slightly rude.', 'Vrey nice place.\nMost For Lokal polish but we enjoy a lot ☺️💃💃🎶. Very good prices for the drinks', 'Disgusting dirty bar wity very watered down cocktails, caught the barmaid selking mojito with only water added unbelievable.', 'Best bar in gdansk\nLucas is a Great host.\nFood is amazing.\nThe aperitif of cherry alcohol is to die for.\nWine for the wife excellent and the fizz cider is unreal.\nLooking forward to coming back.\n5 stars', 'One of the most cozy non pretentious places in Gdańsk Old Town. Best bartenders and good prices, simple and tasty food with a Czech twist. And Czech Pilsner! You can order Hladinka, Mliko, Snyt or Rezane!', 'Nice Urquell pilsners and the bartender complimented my Aab-shirt', 'I love this place from first look to menu. Small, cozy bar with bestest beer. Prices surprised and make you happy.', 'simple cheap and lovely! nice view and some food stands next to the bar.', 'What a lovely place .... we came here every year 😍', 'Cheap beer, very good', 'Best Bar in  Town', 'Ok place for a lunch or a quick dinner. Relaxing atmosphere and lie-down swinging chairs with lots of pillows.\nWhiskey theme everywhere, even in the menu. Fun.', "I was there for dinner with my wife and kids.\n\nThe place has really good vibe. People are smiling and talking.\n\nPrice semi-expensive but there is no worry about it at all.\n\nStaffs are super nice, all problems will be solved by them in any case.\n\nDrinks: Whiskey on the rock was mine. It was Fantastic!!\n\nFoods:\nPork ribs - recommending\nBeef dry fry - quite heavy with a lot of cheese and piece of beefs, we ate with our own meals and it was more than enough.\nChicken wings - like Korean hot chicken. (I am Korean, i liked it)\n\nBaby care: In the toilet, you can take care of your baby without any issue.\n\nOverall, it is very lively place to enjoy the party with your loved ones!\n\nI recommend you to visit this place.\n\n**You'd maybe better to book the table first.\n\nCheers!", 'Excellent food and good looking location, the service is good and friendly, I had an overall good experience and will certainly be back.\n\nIf you take a steak then opt for the hot stone cooking option, they bring it to your table and you can heat/cook your beef yourself so it will not get cold (see photo)', 'Very tasty burger restaurant placed in Gdańsk.\nI was glad to see they have some vege option.\nThe salad and its sauce were particularly nice.\nThe burger bun was good and sweet, yet a slightly bit too dry. Still better than 80% of burgers you can find anywhere else.\nThe burger itself was very filling with the sides.\nThe sauce are super super good, congrats to the chef for coming up with such recipes 👌\nThe place is a bit pricy for my taste but worth trying out', 'Great bar with cheap drinks and friendly bar staff the home made vodka shots are great.And the music is the best', 'Great place for a drink, tasty cocktails and they make their own very good flavoured vodkas.', "These were the worst cocktails I've ever tasted in my life.", 'Ola is the best, very good pubu, good alcohol and very good atmosphere', "Great place, great service, great atmosphere. The best casseroles I've ever eaten, the soup is brilliant, the beer is reasonably priced :) next time I'll have to try the pork chop :)\n\nEDIT: I've already tried the pork chop, it's delicious, I recommend it!", 'Amazing place! You could say that it\'s a "neighborhood club next to the queue". But this doesn\'t reflect reality. We had the opportunity to participate in karaoke! Very nice staff (owners) welcomed us as if they were their own! Homemade sauce was served with the fries. Pride! Initially, we just wanted to have a beer before the concert at Ergo arena, but after the concert we came back for the "after party" 😉. It was badass! The whole bar was singing, dancing and having a great time. We stayed until the last round. And we will definitely come back! Greetings to the owners. Keep it up, my dears!', 'Very nice service, tasty food', 'I recommend it wholeheartedly, great place, pleasant atmosphere, delicious food and of course the staff who were so great when I first came that I can\'t feel that anyone works here but rather just spends time together with "customers" because here that word is simply does not fit\nOnce again, a great place, I recommend it', 'Student craft beer bar. Despite me being a foreign non student I still felt very welcome here!', 'Great place with variety of beers and plenty of board games to rent or play inside. It got slightly more expensive recently due to removal of cheapest beers. Sports broadcasts are usually quite quiet compared to the ubiquitous noise.', "Love this pub. I'm American, spent a month in Gdansk and this was my neighborhood bar. Awesome, friendly, helpful staff. And to my surprise when I got to Poland, there's a huge craft beer scene here! I love that. This bar has an incredible and rare selection, I've tried good ones in my many visits and added them to my untappd beer app!\n\nThey play Polish sports on TV if your into that, which I was, watching football and basketball, but TV is off otherwise, with football scarves all over the walls.  The music played ranges from 1960s soul, Polish modern hip hop, and 90s grunge rock, and more. Cool! They have super cool die hard board game fans. All types of eclectic titles, a massive collection. And the flavored vodkas are really good. Plus popcorn. Great wifi to get any work done like I've done there or for students. Bar has a cool college town vibe. But not a raging party or touristy kind of scene, which can be fun, but not all the time (like old town). They speak great English too. Highly recommend.", "A students-oriented pub with lots of board games to play while drinking or to borrow for a small fee. The bottles beer selection is really vast. Decor is non-existent. Good place to go to if you don't feel like dressing up.", 'I’ve been in this place plenty of times and never understood all the negative reviews so far. All waiters nice and make you feel like you somewhere in real American restaurants. Food is mouthwatering. I’ve tried almost everything what on a menu. And needless to say I am very recommending this place with all my heart', 'We had ribs and salomon for dinner. Pretty basic. Nothing special but okey. Service was better than the food. We paid 200zloty together w two large beer.', "If you're looking for a genuine tourist trap experience, look no further than Fahrenheit by Jack’s. My recent visit to this place left me utterly disappointed and regretful. From start to finish, it was an absolute nightmare.\n\nTo begin with, the drinks were an absolute disaster. The beer was served warm, which is simply unacceptable. Nothing kills the enjoyment of a refreshing beverage more than drinking something that tastes like it's been sitting out in the sun for hours. It was clear that the establishment had no regard for serving their patrons a cold and enjoyable drink.\n\nAs if the warm beer and terrible service weren't enough, the final straw was the overall atmosphere of the place. It was clear that the establishment was trying to capitalize on unsuspecting tourists, luring them in with false promises. The whole experience felt like a trap, designed to extract as much money as possible from visitors who didn't know any better.\n\nIn the end, my companions and I decided that leaving was a far better option than enduring any more of this dreadful establishment. We paid our bill and gladly escaped the disappointing ordeal.\n\nIn conclusion, I would strongly advise against visiting here. Unless you enjoy warm beer, awful service, and feeling like a cash cow, there are plenty of other places in the area that will provide a much more enjoyable and genuine experience.", 'This place was pretty nice, but there was one thing that annoyed me: a glass of wine was priced at 46PLN! That is an outrageous price for such a small serving of wine! However, leaving that aside, the food was excellent and reasonably priced. Our waiter was incredibly friendly and nice, and the service was good. I decided to order a pasta dish, and it tasted absolutely fantastic! Thank you so much for the great service!', 'Watched the premier league here over the weekend. Good atmosphere, staff were a little slow to begin with but it was busy. They were then very attentive, friendly and suggested various drinks for us to try. We spent a long time there and can highly recommend it. A little quieter than the bars in main town so we were able to find a seat which was ideal. Pizza was very nice, cocktails were good and the shots were excellent', 'Came in for a quick drink but ended up staying longer because the staff are awesome and the atmosphere is really cool. Also the guys make their own flavored vodka in house which is a must try. Good drinks, good music, great people!', 'Best pizza in Gdansk, made in clay oven with fresh ingredients. Huge choice of drinks and friendly staff. Very good prices. Only 28zloty for pizza and pints average 15 zloty. X', "What a fantastic place\nHappy found this on the first night and we could frequent multiple times during our stay in gdansk.\n\nThe cider was one of nicest I have had also the 4x skittle shots are really nice.\nBig shout out to best bat man / server in gdansk Jacob 👌 top guy\n\nWill be back here next I'm in gdansk", 'Great location to enjoy the sports on large screens with drinks.\nReachable, In budget, Friendly staff.', 'Great bar and shows all sport, including Rugby!!\nArtur is a great owner and great ‘craic’ with customers.. Will be going here again.', 'Easily best pub in Gdansk, hospitality, customer service and prices all spot on and best around. Highly recommend', 'Fantastic place, best hospitality and the owner is a legend!!', "Beer very good\nThe food is quite tasty,\nThe level of waiter service today is unfortunately lower than in McDonald's - no eye contact with the customer, once you manage to approach the waitress, it assumes that the customer wants the bill instead of ordering the next thing - the staff should be more qualified and there should be more of them.\n\nI will check the service level again in the near future.\n\nJuly 27, 2019\n\nBeer unchanged, still good.\nDespite over an hour's stay in the restaurant by 7 people with current orders, our requests to create a joint table outside (and it was logistically possible) the service decided not to go along with us.\nThe increased amount of service in relation to the previous visit deserves a plus.", "excellent brewery, very tasty beer, except for American Ale it is bitter, although I think it’s an amateur. be sure to try beer bread with cheese, take a big one - you will be satisfied! Unfortunately we did not see at least some kind of children's room there (come, I’m sure you will like it!\n\ndoskonały browar, bardzo smaczne piwo, z wyjątkiem amerykańskiego piwa jest gorzki, choć myślę, że to amator. koniecznie wypróbuj chleb piwny z serem, weź duży - będziesz zadowolony! Niestety nie widzieliśmy tam przynajmniej pokoju dziecięcego (chodź, jestem pewien, że ci się spodoba!\n\nexcellent brewery, very tasty beer, except for American Ale, it is bitter, although I think this is not for everyone. Be sure to try the beer bread with cheese, take a large one - you will be pleased! Unfortunately, we didn’t see any children’s room there (come, I’m sure you’ll like it!", 'Delicious beer :) Great atmosphere, I recommend it.', 'Very good beer for not much money.', 'I bow to you, shashlik is poetry, the price destroys the competition. Currently, I don\'t know of a place that could come close in terms of taste and price to this "open-air museum" of yesteryear ❤️', "The climate is specific, but very positive. The skewers are insane!!! Everything I've heard about them is true. Perfectly seasoned, with pork fat, onion... even now my mouth is watering just remembering it 😊 and cold bottled beer. All at a bbb affordable price. I will definitely come back.", 'Fantastic shashlik, pomegranate beer at competitive store prices, polite and helpful service, and first-class clientele.\nOne of the last such places in Europe. You have to survive. I recommend.', "Well, it's impressive. I thought that such a relic from the Polish People's Republic would only be seen in a film. An amazing contrast with the Hilton located opposite the loop, with rooms from PLN 500 upwards. Here, a beer for PLN 3, (we only pay in cash) a pork shashlik for PLN 44, a portion of chicken for PLN 35. I sincerely recommend it: the lady serving is very nice, the company is great. I agree with the other opinions: it is a bar from another era.", 'We stopped here for late lunch, service was fine, food was very tasty. There is ongoing reconstruction of river bank so view is not so awesome now. But still it was good experience.', 'Great little spot for a restaurant by the river. The serive was great the pizza was awesome and the beer was cold. Ticked all the boxes for me', 'Place for tourists, overpriced with just ok food. They have burgers pizza and those big potatoes with feeling. It’s easy to find a spot here, normally without wait as they have a lot of tables and jus “okish” food. Drinks and beers also overpriced but this is how it is when you go to old town, I would still choose other place then here. Burger was a bit tasteless. And I didn’t even get a tomato source or anything to dip the French fries in.\nBut toilets are clean which is nice. Service a bit slow but at least very helpful.', 'Good food', 'Beautiful, cozy bar in the middle of town. High quality cocktails, especially liked ‘Minimalism’. The ‘Baltic Martini’ is a great option to expand the range of flavors you’ve tried, even though you likely will not order it on a daily basis. Very worth a visit.', 'Cozy bar with 1930s decor and artsy fartsy cocktails. All drinks are uniquely prepared with delectable presentation. Some are quite exotic such as the Bloody Mary or simply delightful such as the Avant Garde. We love all the drinks that we ordered.', 'I couldn’t recommend this bar more. We discovered it completely accidentally as we were escaping the rain outside, and later we realised we got lucky! This is not only drinks, but also an experience, as they have a big variety of drinks of unique flavours and representation.', "One of the best cocktail bars I've been to! The cocktails are well balanced - full of flavour and not too strong. The recipes are creative and service is excellent.\nThey play nice jazz music and it's a great atmosphere. I highly recommend this place.", 'absolutely amazing atmosphere. for some reason i felt like inside some retro space opera series. when staff asked for orders a the bar, i felt rather like family or friend than customer.', 'Maya is the best host of a bar I’ve ever been to', "Very friendly place,  with great style (video tapes,  old tvs , retro but funky)  decent prices.  Only down side is  only 2 unisex  toilets,  so even men queue.  But hey,  it's worth it,  just don't wait until the last minute", 'I was there with my girlfriend on New Year’s Eve on b4 party and I was very positively surprised. Nice service, good prices but most of all the ambience - wow :D Very cool. Happy to found this place!', 'Really cosy place with interesting decorations and a great choice of beer. The large and full chiabata came well prepared. Staff is friendly,  helpful and quick on their feet. Bonus points for speaking English :)', 'Great food, great beer. As soon as we discover this place we recommend it to all of our friends. We sometimes go there just to eat ciabatta with grilled chicken.', 'The beer is nice, but there is a weird smell. It doesn’t ruin the vibe of the place though, I’d say it adds to it :)', 'Small but cozy place - great for going with friend/girlfriend of Friday for a beer or coctail (informal style). It was build as a ship from 16 century (and you feel it).\nFriendly staff and normal prices 10zl beer 35 zl meal.\nThings to improve - not much small snack or nibbles in menu.\n. Honest opinion.', 'Lovely pub, good vibes and good service', 'Nice sport pub. Good space, big screen and cold beer.', "This arboretum is maintained by students at one of the many local universities in the Lehigh Valley area. It's tucked away on a back road in Northampton County. It's got about five different walking trails, some groomed and some not. There are a some rare species of trees, especially in the conifer section of the arboretum. I love this place. It's peaceful and quiet, and quite frequently I am the only person in attendance. It's not that far off the beaten path that you can get into trouble.", 'Amazing atmosphere! Cool people and ofcourse great Szczecin Pogoń spirit 😁', 'Friendly  staff', 'Very good pizza 🍕🍕🍕🍕 I order it almost every Saturday, worth recommending', 'Very nice service, the pub is quite friendly, because the same people meet there since the opening of this place', 'Friendly service, nice atmosphere, delicious food, as always, I recommend this place.', "The security was really unfriendly and  unprofessional. We went inside with a group of 6. We had to hand in all our clothes (even hoodies, even tho we were cold). They said it's going to be 10 Z for the Wardrobe service, In the end it was 20 Z and the guy did wanted to have 30 Z. We had some rum and cokes. The mixture was awful, the Pepsi Coke that they used was either our of date or open for some days, because it didn't had any gas anymore. The drink was also mixed badly. Prices for drinks were ok tho.\nThe music wasn't that good, it seemed like a spotify playlist.\nTotally not wurf to pay 20 Z per person to go inside. I rather throw my money coin by coin into the Oder. By doing that I have more fun and a better time then at the Boston.\n0 out of 5 Stars.", 'If you got some cash you wanted to spend, don\'t you ever think to visit this place.\n\nSecurity does completely nothing. Also, you may be kicked out of your table just because the guys you let to sit near you starts complaining that this table is their. Even if you\'ve ordered one.\n\nBy the way there is no such a thing like "manager." If you ask someone who is in charge, everyone from the staff will escape from you.\n\n1 star out of 19,3', 'Very nice place to go. It was a great time and great fun was had. They were a super friendly bunch of people who wee very fun, informative and pleasant to be around. I would go again for sure. :)', 'Open until 3 am sometimes until 6 am, free entry, very small place, not very appealling, good offers sometimes like buy 1 beer get one free. Dance music, disco polo, electronic.', 'Small but charming place with cheap beers.', "Crowded but it's ok to stop there from time to time. Not the best quality pub.", "Nice place with nice music, not to loud, so you don't have to scream with your friends.The bartender was very nice , created a drink that just fit in my mood :-)", 'Pretty crowded, but I would still recommend it as a good place to start an evening with friends', 'We loved it! A bar and cinema! It’s cosy, cool and very relaxed. The chairs are “like-cinema” but with tables and other kind of chairs around, and they have good options of beers and drinks, also some snacks. During the hours we were there, they screened Serpico, Flashdance and an alive concert from Nirvana! The films were shown with original sound and polish subtitles (so for those who don’t speak polish like me, and won’t be able to follow the subtitles, I recommend seating in front so you can better listen—unfortunately the sound was not so loud and of course people are talking as it’s also a bar!).\nReally cool! Totally recommend!', 'Cool place to chill, drink beer, watch a movie and hang out with friends. I really liked the atmosphere there. Staff is super nice too!', "Very casual place. Film posters on every wall. You can watch a movie there (in English as well). There are 10 taps. Tap list is somewhat messy, but I've seen worse. Furniture is shabby, but no one cares :)  Bartender was a bit arrogant, so I wouldn't converse with him longer than necessary. Good thing is that craft spirit is alive and well here: my partner ordered a beer, but it finished while bartender was pouring it, so he got what was already in the glass for free. Generally that is a rule of thumb, craft pub ethics essentials if you will, however many so-called 'craft beer pubs' don't respect and don't follow the rule anymore, so it's always nice to be in the place where staff knows how to be classy.\nThere is a kitchen so you can order something to eat here (burgers for sure). I don't know if they're decent, didn't give them a go. However, pub's kitchen obviously lacks proper ventilation because the air was literally 'soaked' with 'fragrances' of hot oil, frying meat etc. which was not pleasant at all.", "Quite nice place in center of Szczecin. It's not a fancy design place, but have very specific climat to hangout with firends. Music is medium loud so I was able to chat without screaming. On bar i have found a lot of different kind of beers. I believe they don't serve mixed drinks, but i haven't asked for one.\nI'm pretty sure I will get back there.", 'This place is awesome! It has great beers, nice music and a very friendly owner, I recommend the office to everybody who enjoys a good beer and some chilled company :)', "The place is somewhat eclectic and very casual. There are just 8 taps and some bottles. Unfortunately bartender was not helpful, he just wanted to sell beer and was not interested in helping customers :( So, don't hesitate and ask for samples - it's the only option if you want to be truly satisfied with what you get.", 'They have an extensive selection of local Polish beers, including unusual fruity sours. And the barmen really knows what to recommend!', 'Great craft beer shop - only 8 taps but a lot of craft beer on cans and glasses. Good prices, mixed crowd. Would be nice with a list of cans in the fridge', "New brewer. Its a brewery with a restaurant and bars inside. The menu is full of different dishes and a good range of drinks are available, including their own brew/larger. Different sports are shown on the big screens  around the place. The staff are friendly and welcoming, they offer a menu in English. Toilets are available downstairs. We've been here a few times over the years, and we are never disappointed. It's great value for money !!\n\nThe only recommendation would be to offer a kids menu.  😁", 'Awesome place for a beer, delicious and served in large portions for reasonable prices. However, their payment process is a bit chaotic because if your specific server is not around it can take a while to pay because they always have to double check with them. Not optimal but if you ask for a bill when served it should be fine', 'Nice place, the food we had was very good, the stuff/service could be much better and more friendly.', 'Will lead off with its very loud in there, not talking about people talking but the brewing. Breakfast is served until noon.\n\nThe food was very delicious, especially the chili chicken which was very flavorful. I went their mainly to try that, and everything else was secondary. They have 5 beers on tap, the IPA was out.', "Really nice pub in the center of Szczecin. Not so expensive, great beer and cocktails.\nThere's also a room downstairs with Dards.", 'Wonderful local pub.\nBar staff brilliant and very creative cocktail mixers.\nFriendly atmosphere and the locals were very receptive of us .', 'One of the best pubs in Szczecin. Just far enough from deptak to be nice and cozy :)', 'speluna', "In this murky pub you can expect the bartender to be rather pricky but that's the whole charm. A lot of old polish punk, cigarette smoke and people with weird tattoos. Also darts.", 'Nice atmpsphere and nice assortiments of drinks!', "If you are a metalhead, a rock'n'roll fan, or you simply like heavy music, this is the best place for you! Very nice music, service and good beers. Also a place for people who like to play darts. I met many wonderful people here whom I will remember forever.", "This is special. If you don't like Rock don't go there. You will have a brought variety of good rock music and a fantastic variety of drinks up to very good Scottish whiskey. The atmosphere is good and the bartender is a really nice guy.", 'Nice place. Quick service. Good selection of drinks . Friendly locals . Personally i dont understand the reviews about the smoking room . My partner absolutely hates smoke and the only non reserved table was next to the open smoking room . She didnt smell any smoke and many were smoking .extraction system more than adequate. Only negative is that because the smoking room is so big , non smokers need to reserve a table in the other parts of the pub at busy times . Glad i smoke then .haha', 'Lovely bar\nOnly problem they allowed smoking in a certain area', "Great bar, one of our favourites when we're visiting Bydgoszcz. They do an amazing coconut vodka with pineapple juice.", 'Nice pub with great atmosphere, friendly staff, good music and wide selection of drinks.', 'Friendly staff and a great selection of drinks. Cool atmosphere.', 'Atmospheric cellar bar serving an extensive range of bourbon whiskeys and a decent selection of, mainly, bottled beers. But what sets this pub apart from others is the amazing bartender who is a real character and whose knowledge of his trade, local history and just about anything is second to none. Absolutely fascinating couple of hours chatting to him and a couple of his regular guests. Worth the visit alone.', 'Awesome staff and good selection of beers!', 'Good drinks enjoy a lot ,;)', 'Watching football on TV.', 'Great interiors, nice selection of drinks and most importantly Irish Stout on tap.', 'Fantastic\nAnd Liverpool won', 'Nice place,nice people', 'Despite the broadcast of the football match and a full house, they were very eager to give us a seat. The pizza certainly doesn\'t taste like in Italy, but it is still enjoyable. The staff is courteous, speaks English and is very eager to speak English. Only the ordering at the bar is a bit "annoying".', 'Excellent bar with pizza that has to be seen to be believed. On average a 45 cm/18" is around 34zl/£7.24. There\'s a good choice of beers and Polish language pub quiz on a Sunday. I\'d recommend reserving a table', 'This is the best pizza I ate in Poland.', 'A fun and friendly place. A real part of Bydgoszcz history!', '', '', 'Closed earlier than expected, cool place though', 'The place has its own atmosphere. Nice and engaged service. Reservation service at a high level, everything can be arranged conveniently. Thank you for the nice atmosphere and service at the company event 😁', 'Great atmosphere, great music if you want to relax and chill. Great drinks, the bartender gives great advice and makes drinks tailored to your taste. I would highly recommend.', 'A beautiful place, fantastic music regardless of the time, sensational prices for the Polish pocket, and full professionalism of the service, including the bartender Mateusz, who also knows how to advise your taste very well. And also very clean and pleasant atmosphere! I highly recommend!! 😍 Alcohol and coffee rock!', 'Great boozer. Cheap as chips. Friendly service spoke 🏴\U000e0067\U000e0062\U000e0065\U000e006e\U000e0067\U000e007f lent me a phone charger', 'American guy visiting. I really like the simple pricing of the items in this place, and the prices are fair as well. (one price for any food item, another price for any drink)\n\nI tried this Polish delicacy, and I LOVE it. (herring with onions and oil, fresh bread. Warm up with a cold vodka shot)\n\nLastly, thus place is open after the whole rest of the town is closed. Well-done!', 'Decent , not sure you can use some random drinks to serve people in a public place... however the service needs to improve, bit arrogant behind the bar, prices are ok for very tiny drinks', "Called in with some friends as they recommended it. Only had a few shots but what a brilliant place the drinks we had were very good. It was quite late on a weekday when we called in I can imagine it's a brilliant place to go on a weekend.", 'Clean and professional', '', '', 'Nice beer bar. If you go to Bydgoszcz you must visit it', 'I recommend this place, you can pure Guinness for yourself. There is also dj too and outside area with some fun throwing game. Open till 2 am on weekend. For the owner, I recommed to think about darts game inside, that would add even more.', "One of my favourite beer bar. It's quite new and has a nice interior.\n\nHow to get the beer:\nGo to the bar ask for a beer-credit card you change charge it with individual amount of money most are 20, 50 to 100 pln. The deposit price for the card is 5 PLN.\n\nNext to the bar is a shelf with glasses you take one whatever you like and then go to the beer draft dispenser you place your card in there (little card holder) and you can draft your own beer.\n\nOn the draft station there are pressure places with water to clean your glass if you wish to.\nPlease remember before you leave you bring your used glass to the second shelf where the used glasses are.\n\nThursday is live DJ evening, very recommended! You are albe to make reservations. The staff speaks fluent English.\n\nSpecial promotion they have beer for 100ml to 1 PLN is worth a visit.\n\nOther brands are Brooklyn Brewery, Guinness, Kronenbourg 1664 and a lot of flavoured beer, like passion fruit, gelato, citrus, cherry, strawberry and so on.\n\nThe bar is very clean and cosy.\n\nI recommend a visit.", 'Fantastic concept, and selection shame bar guy was only interested in talking to the only other customer /girl friend', 'I listen to a good story related to a good craft beer, and am satisfied with the service of Marcelina and glad to hear the history of craft beer which she recommends to me. Thank you. I wish all the best and recommend this place for chilling out.', "The place has changed a lot (tables, lights, crew, beer garden) and yet it has retained its hard rock &metal atmosphere. Definitely worth a visit if you're in Bydgoszcz.", 'A really cool rock n roll pub with a great range of craft beers. Good music too!', "Amazing craft beers on tap and bottles  at affordable prices. Classic and underground rock music also on plus, bartenders are knowledgeable about what they're serving", 'The view of the river was fabulous. The Indian food was outstanding. Recommend the Cheese Plate as well. Will be returning!', 'beer is not good, despite they brew it themselves - it was not carbonated (maybe was old barrel) and tasted sour. only one out of four was drinkable - with honey. the bar was empty, but we waited 30+ min for one snack dish, and it was not even very tasty.', 'Food was ok, we were expecting more from the beer, given stated a brewery, however biggest downer was the service, waiting times were extreme.\nWe were with 10 people, restaurant was not full and even so - most mains tool around an hour, whist the appetizers came at same time (for some even after the main meal)\n\nNo explanations - apparently, this is considered "normal" ????\n\nMeals itself were ok,  however who wants his "appetizer" after its main?', 'One of the best places I ever been.\nLovely location,with great view. All kinda of 🍻 flavours, amazingly delicious food. Best in Bydgoszcz for a night out either with friends,family or romantic dinner.Its my third time there - and will definitely won’t be the last ! Must try and see ! Highly recommending!!!', 'The authenticity of the place with its live music will satisfy you. If you happen to pass by Bydgoszcz, definitely come jazz lovers.', "I recommend this place, great for music lovers. Many gigs during the week, jazz jamming, friendly for young artists etc. good to have this place in Bydgoszcz.I like Murphy's Irish Stout in there. Would be nice if they would also serve Guinness, maybe in future ;)", 'Very nice quite place feels like very old pub in 90ths century ..good atmosphere and if you want to drink peacefully without any disturbance ..', "Went to this place for 1st time and saw Bob Franceschini and AMC PLUS! The music was exceptional, the guys were tight and sounded like a band who'd been playing together for years - not their first gig! The venue, like the Lizard King in Toruń, has a magical vibe. The musical energy of amazing musicians has been soaked up by the walls! Can't wait to visit again.", 'Rather special atmosphere, nice inner decor and fast service. Really cool way to serve hot wine and barbecued meat! Though I have to say the meat was too dry for my taste.', 'Food is looks good but tastes average and there is nothing special about it. Szaszlyk was good but the bread pancake on the plate was served cold and was basically tasteless. The burger was average.\nThere is not much to chose from despite the waitress pointing us to the QR code to find full menu on the homepage. There was not much to find there either.\nWe ordered also water but never got it. We got salt that was empty. The waitresses are nice but busy.\nOn a sunny weekend there is a lot of noise at the location. It was nice to try this known place but next time we will go somewhere else.', 'I just sat there to grab a beer, end up getting 3 cause don’t have more time! Such a great vibe, carefull and kind waitresses who gave me great beers 🍻. Without any doubt a spot to spot when I’m Lublin!', 'Great Pub in Lublin’s Old Town. Totally happy I came! You must try their Homemade Pils Beer (St. Michal) and the ribs 🤩 The decoration is amazing and the service is really top class 👌 not too mention the waitresses are quite good looking and friendly 😊', 'Lovely and welcoming atmosphere, big room for group gathering and family environment.\nEnvironment is also very clean,\nService was top tier, very nice waiter that we got\nGenerous portions of serving,\nGreat lighting in the place, suitable for a couple date, group date and even for just a single person outing, affordable menu,', 'I’ve been to this place many of times and every time It’s never gone the way it should.\nWhen booking a table, some staff speak English and decide to just hang up and never say sorry.\n\nOther times the food was delayed for more than 1 hour and the worst thing of all is every single staff ignore you and keep clear away when you ask for assistance. I’ve currently been waiting for someone to turn on the TV and set the football game to what I want and I’ve already missed 30 mins!\n\nI have asked 3 different people and on the third try someone finally turned on the game which took 3 mins.\n\nI might as well watch the games at home and avoid this embarrassment.', 'I love their idea of private sitting areas.. they are beautiful cubicles. Their pizza is ok.  And the ladies are great and cheerful. The place is  large and a spacious. Many bars and sitting areas.. its beautiful. I will be going there again!!', 'The pizza wasnt  great,i was very dissapointed having gone there  craving it,to top it all i ordered Jack Daniels double and they were each garnished with a slice of lemon oh dear never Had such a horrible taste in my mouth!', 'nice place for bikers , a meeting point for people driving motorcycles', 'Good music, great stuff', 'Best bar in lublin', 'Fine', 'Lovely food, great location if you like watching weddings. During branch we had a pleasure to observe at least 3 wedding parties arriving at the registry office opposite. Really good service- staff were attentive and with a good knowledge of English.', 'Our go-to for breakfast in Lublin. Excellent food, friendly staff, really cozy atmosphere. Not a ton of places are open early in Old Town. Make sure to try Trybunalska for a Lubelskie breakfast sandwich on Cebularze.', 'My wife and I stopped here for a drink each and to share a piece of cake on a hot, sunny Wednesday afternoon in July. This restaurant offered plenty of seating in the shade, to keep us out of the sun. We chose blueberry cheesecake, a mug of iced chocolate and a mug of frozen caramel latte and all were absolutely delicious! The service was really friendly too. I would definitely recommend.', 'We ordered some wings when we got there and it took over an hour for them to come. There was also a misunderstanding on how we wanted our eggs done and the first response was unprofessional. However the food was delicious but I am not pleased.', 'Low prices, delicious food and no crowds. What more could you want?\n\nEdit: Prices still low, food average but customer service is at a very low level. Personally, for the first time I met with a refusal to prepare an order because of "I don\'t want to, because I will have to wash up". The owner cuts into a conversation with friends to bring up his own unrelated thoughts. Unfortunately, after 3 years of sporadic visiting this place, I decide to change.', 'The service woman is very nice, but unfortunately her husband is her total opposite. Rude and simple. I reported that the beer I bought was 6 MONTHS out of date. I received money from the lady, unfortunately, when her husband found out about it, he started shouting at me and kicked me out of the place, then added that no one would serve me here anymore. Failure.', 'Unfortunately, the opinion about the place has changed, the menu is poor, the decor is poor, the service is average. Rough and additional prices for premises of a much higher standard. Reheated food (my dumplings were cold inside)', 'Great place, the food is really delicious and typically home-made, I often go there for dinner and every day there is a different "dish of the day" that is worth ordering. The portions are really big and the price of PLN 14 for a two-course dinner is good.', "I always visit there when I'm in Lublin, greetings from Krakow to the guests and owners ❤️", 'Best bar in the area good service nice guys cheap prices overall nice atmosphere', 'Nice and polite service, great atmosphere👍', 'A nice place to relax, drink a beer and have something to eat.', 'Mega', 'Great atmosphere and lovely service!\nI will definitely come back here on my next visit to Lublin.\nI had a wonderful time, my head rested and I felt well taken care of.\nI highly recommend it ❤️', 'Friendly lady behind the bar. Unfortunately, there is a musty smell inside', "Overall, the place is ok, but.... There's not much space there and the toilet is dingy 🙄 but they have nice rock karaoke 🙂", 'Good place to pick up chicks', 'Great place to dance for all ages 😀 Nice staff. Greetings to Mr. and Mrs. goalkeepers from September 29 \U0001faf6', 'First class service. Always nice and polite. Dart does a good job on Thursdays and Saturdays. I recommend checking it out!', "The great advantage of the place are moderate prices. It's great that there are two playrooms. Each DJ plays different music. There are always a lot of guests and this is where it becomes a problem. Owners should consider a more efficient ventilation system. Sometimes it's hard to breathe and the place is underground. Koleknybklopot is a small cloakroom, especially in winter. But despite these small inconveniences, the place is worth recommending. Always good fun. I recommend", 'Super fresh and yummy home made style food. Visited on Saturday, we tried: Rosol, Schabowy, Pierogi Wiejskie! Everything was delicious and both ladies were/are friendly, sexy ;) and welcoming! XX', 'Surprisingly deliciously good food 🙂', 'Tasty food, inexpensive price. Perfect. Special food, feels like "home made", I\'d very enjoyed here, this is unusual and it\'s great', 'Irish pub with several floors and a great selection of drinks.', "It was our first dining experience in Bielsko Biala. We did not know anything. Place is out of city centre (not too far). They had tables inside and outside. Let me just say: 10/10 for this establishment. If you're reading this review and planing to go to BB than i highly recommend. Very tasty. We had set meal of the day (tomato soup with croutons which was out of this world) and pork with silesian dumplings, and traditional silesian beef (rolada) with silesian dumplings and red cabbage.\nAnd you know what. As stupid as it sound... even water we got wad impressive. Big cold glass of water with plenty of ice and lemon. On hot summer Polish day.... they managed to impress us with that.\nTo finish... some places try to make customers happy. And this place is one of them. ❤❤❤", 'This is a very very spacious bar/restaurant. It opens early and closes pretty late.\nI had their English breakfast in the morning, a burger and fries for lunch and later in the evening  I tried their drinks menu. No regrets, tasty food and excellent customer service!', 'Been here a few times. Good service, good food and the location is next to the BB castle. Nice outside seating for the fair weather months. Bunch of tvs to watch games live.', 'Fantastic food and wonderful service by a sympathetic waitor! Thank you you made our days with kids!', 'I have moved here from another place (pod Zamkiem).\nWell, it is better, so 3 stars, but it is nothing like what it was 4 or 5 years ago.\nYou just need to look at beer bottles over the bar to see what we are missing.\nThere are so many great Polish craft breweries, so serving everage beers is really sad.\nThen if you can make more money serving average beer to average drinker, why not?', 'Good and frequently changing beer selection, cosy atmosphere', 'Great craft beers', 'Great atmosphere. Great beers. Pickles and cheeses are plentiful. Go and eat and drink!!!!!', 'Fantastic food and very nice staff. The menu has a broad offer of different dishes - Mexican, burgers but also Thai, there were also lot of vegetarian options. The prices were not elevated, however the quesadilla was rather small for it’s price - not entirely fulfilling. Very spacious patio, highly recommend!', 'What an Awesome place!!! In the heart of the City with incredibly nice surrounding area “Szpilka” or simply “ The Pin” is definitely the Best restaurant/BAR up there! With A great selection of food and drinks, friendly stuff and a smart industrial ambiance this cosy restaurant is on the TOP of my list in This mesmerising City! The whole menu is affordable and very well thought out! Everyone will easily find something for her/himself. A solid portion plus a drink in between 7-15€ sounds great! You also have vegetarian and vegan options! P.S. Ask for a cocktail Menu and you won’t regret it!', 'We have chosen this restaurant as first one during our stay in this city and region. It was very good choice. Food, service, everything was very good.', 'The food is ok, however service needs an improvement, male waiters are extremely nice, very knowledgeable but ladies working there have attitude, it seems like they are doing you a favor taking an order from you or just in general attending you. Myself and my wife were very disappointed because we really like the place and so far we were always served by males, but once again Ladies working there…you need to work on your manners!!! ( rolling the eyes, making faces and in general being rude)', "The music is great on a Saturday night if you like the 80's. If not it's a struggle, average age of clientele is er.....elderly. Good drinks, and generally clean place...but it won't set your heart beating, that's for sure", 'It has a very good environment for 2 hours concerts. Always you can find something special there.', "Great climate place. Live music concerts. Nice salsoteka's and milonga's!", 'Fantastic', '€10 for a pint of Guinness!\nI suppose this is more a reflection of Oslo prices than this venue but shocking nonetheless :)\nStaff were very friendly and poured a decent pint of Guinness which is all you can ask for.', 'Great authentic, dark wood pub. Very cosy, top staff, friendly atmosphere and great free live music.\nBest Irish Pub in Oslo!', "A good pint of Guinness! It's all I can ask for a good night. There was music in live and it was nice too", 'The generic hit cover musician killed the vibe for me. Some quite inebriated people appeared to enjoy it, but I am not that fond of those either.', 'Wow. Fantastic bar. Loved the beer. Ambience was amazing. Good vibes.', "Nice place located right in the centre of Olso. The decor is really inviting.Usual prices in Oslo. Service is not great even in quiet times, ignoring the customers waiting whilst they have a chat, bit sad since it's actually a nice venue.", 'Nice bar and prices are lower then the rest than the city.\nRecommend', "Authentic British Pub in the heart of Oslo (approx. 5 mins away from Oslo Central railway station).\nKind staff, tasty beers and a cosy flair.\nI had two very nice stays in July '22 - and we'll come again very soon.", 'During a boat trip to Oslo I was invited by the band to come and hear them play that night.  I went in to eat around 6 and went back later for the band.  Great atmosphere great people, I wish I could move the pub to Belgium :-)', 'Great bar to watch a football match, close to Heineken Brewery as well!', 'Ordered irish stew with extra bread.\nThe stew was tasty, but for the price I expected abit more of it.\nThe bread was too compact for my liking, but could butter it up to make it more eatable. Unfortunately I only received 1 pack of butter even thou I ordered extra bread.\n\nThe beer was good 😃\n\nThe fellow at the bar was nice and friendly 😊\n\nA very nice pub to visit for some after-work socialising 😃', 'By far long and wide THEE BEST IRISH PUB not only in Norway … but the world.. better than Irish pubs back home ☘️, great Guinness too ..', "The place is cool with activities sometimes (quiz and blindtest). But during them, you can't use the 8-pool", 'Very cozy pub, perfect for watching football. Huge amount of TVs around all the pub. Prices are quite good also', "Really like the place for watching sports. But it's kinda expensive beer.", 'The best Guinness in Norway, one of the cheapest Guinness in Oslo. Great for all sports with plenty of TV’s all around the bar. Always a great visit.', 'Amazing place in Oslo!!\nVery unique and beautiful restaurant in the heart of Oslo. The food is amazing, and the service is on another level.\nI ordered a pint of beer and pizza diavola, and it was lovely 😍 👌', "Best Guinness in Oslo, by far. Perfect temperature, creamy head and good pull. Highly recommended for a pint of the creamy stuff. I also had a good Shepherd's pie. Definitely will be coming back.", "A great bar, with good food, snacks and some nice beer. It's a bit unusual that, from Ireland, they only have Guinness on the menu, which unfortunately they were out of (in the entire Oslo region) but we were offered a beer that wasn't on the menu and it was a dark Irish beer. It's great that they have live music, a good selection of songs on the radio as well, (old rock mostly), interesting ambience, pictures of famous Irish people (quite cute but - they have Caitriona Balfe but no Niall Horan :) and ok facilities. We voted that we would come back. Hopefully next time there is some Guinness!", 'The Wild Rover burger is amazing, in general all food is really good. And the place is very nice. The service is good and the people is kind. I really recommend this pub.', 'Nice place to enjoy Premier League game week', "Nice and old brown pub. Sports pub that is, they show Premier League here. They have a lot of different beers, good menu for food and huge amount of TV's to watch sports. They also have a pool table so you can play for a fee. Really nice place, mostly old people but also younger when there is a match or two to watch.  Enjoy the place. Drink a beer for me too 👊", 'Genuine classic irish pub in Oslo, with great assortment. Lots of tables and lots of space.\nAlso very nice window seated section there.\n\nGood atmosphere, What we call a brown pub in norway, which means its casual and old\n\nThey play football matches on big screen.\n\nServes food as well, the burgers where very decent. Reasonable big menu\n\nDecent selection in beer (mostly pilsner) and liquer.\n\nHave tables outside where you can sit. Not sure about any parking though.', 'Nice club sandwich. Good place to watch football. Skal', 'Good pint of beer, nice welcome and handily situated between Karl Johans Gate and the town hall. Large basement bar with smaller bar and outdoor seating at street level. Bar food available.', 'Not recommended place at all.\nThe bartenders and the security guys have mistreated us badly and rudely, they took half glass of beer then when i asked for a new one they charged me for a new one. Scamming people, i will never come this terrible place again.', 'Can enjoy live music on Friday and Saturday night.', "Nice place, It's a big old chill sports pub. They also play great music. Old rock and such! They also have cards and board games! Jippi 😀", 'Pretty cool atmosphere in this pub. Loved it.', "Cozy little place at the National Theater district. Service is as friendly as it can be. And wow, I don't think I would have a Guinness again after having here a Murphy's Irish Stout.", 'It was one of our best nights. The Guinness there is DELICIOUS and the place really has all you need. We met Mats and Karianne (both barkeepers)... and a random guy from America (great guy). Because I shotgunned some Guinness I had to do quests like drinking water or jumping on one foot. It was really funny and I was able to complete them. Looking forward seeing you again!', 'Is not vwry expenaive irish pub. Good personal', 'We happened to be there for a beer after Scotland beat Norway so it was a fun time of over the top celebration. Very crowed but everyone was respectful. Bartender was overwhelmed by orders but did his best to keep up. Had a great time!', 'Only came in for a drink while walking on Karl Johan street. Pale ale I got was very good. There was live music. Atmosphere was nice though.', 'Beautiful place.\nThe food was delicious, we ordered burger, fish and chips and the Guiness bacon. All good. The bacon was a little cold but still tasty.\nThe place was a bit crowded but we were able to find a table quickly.\nGood variety of beers.', "Lovely pub. Super friendly bar man, happy to chat. Nice selection of drinks available. We didn't eat. Very noisy and lively which was fine for us (Sports Bar vibe) but may be a little too much for some.", 'Okay, bartender attentive, and cosy atmosphere. Not very busy. My Negroni was a letdown. Overall not bad, just nothing special. If you are looking for a fairly quiet place (at least on a weekday) this is a fine option.', "Great place for a night out. Staff friendly and welcoming. Drink reasonably priced for Oslo. Great atmosphere for watching sport or socialising. Didn't eat so couldn't rate food.", 'A great pub to watch football matches! Good vibe and cosy place inside. Not too crowded for a United game.', 'Good place to have a beer while watching a game or listening to some live music. They stream 6 Nations Championship as probably the only place in Oslo.', 'Classic pub in Oslo with a great atmosphere and really friendly service! A good selection of draft beers and the bartender was very helpful and kind.', "Good bar. On the night I visited, there was a fantastic piano player/singer. Only problem is, the toilets are downstairs. I'm disabled, so I can't use the stairs. Apart from that, it's still a good bar", "Racists against tourist... to avoid. Can't handle an order of a few beers. Security tells u they don't need you here... never seen such a service before.\nWednesday 27 of September, 1am", "Nasty placer, nasty barman rushing people. Security tells us they don't need us here while choosing the draft beer. Music was alright but the people serving beers and security needs to go. Wed 27 1am.", 'Wide choice of drinks, super friendly staff and excellent party both on fridays and sundays, love the place.', 'Wonderfull night club, with a great selection of Beers, wine and cocktails. It has a cozy bar on the ground floor and a dancing stage on the upper floor. Totally recommended', "I didn't like the experience. The barwoman who served me was very unpleasant. When I arrived she didn't greet me and showed me a bad face like saying: what do you want?\nI asked a beer, she just put the ATM terminal in front of me and got away. Then I was having some difficulty with the terminal and was trying to ask her some assistance, but she didn't pay attention and was doing nothing. After paying she didn't thanks, not a word.\nRegarding the environment, I didn't like it as well because people in general, not all of them, looked very strange.\nSo, my overall evaluation is very bad. I think I won't go there anymore.", "The coffee is pretty good, the seating is good, the space is nice, and the bartenders are excellent. Since they aren't allowed to advertise for alcohol, I have to mention it here: Their whisky selection is exhaustive, and you should come here if that is your thing.", 'If you need a beer, a chat, or just a free toilet, this is the place at the main train station in Oslo. Football and nice atmosphere is not a minus either. Normal Oslo prices. Reccomended.', 'Nice pub inside Oslo Centralstation. Friendly staff and fast service. Located on the second floor mezzanin.', 'Splendid pub in Oslo Central station. The pub is clean, very comfortable seating and excellent seating. The train station is 3 minutes away.', 'Nice pub with good beer. Very friendly bartender. Good place to kill the time before departure:)', 'Good service. Dog friendly, at least outside 😍', 'Cool place! Brown bar vibe. Lots of outdoor and indoor seating.', 'Male server was discriminatory towards us. He targeted our table because apparently we don’t keep 1m distance from other people as per the “covid guidelines” when clearly all other tables at the bar does not follow the 1m distance rule either. Not sure why our table was targeted perhaps because we don’t speak the local language but very unimpressed how the server excluded our table and denied us service. If you are an expat or a tourist, this place is not recommended.', 'Nice atmosphere. Good place to relax and have a cold beer. The beer selection on tap could be better, but the pub itself is very cozy. You are especially going to love it if you are an Arsenal fan! 😊', 'Fantastic bar,\nAmazing selection of whisky and craft beer.\nVery reasonaboe prices, extremely friendly and relaxed atmosphere. Lovely staff all very polite, easy to talk to and very knowledgeable of the drinks\n\nI would really recommend this bar, a highlight of our trip to Norway from the UK definately visit again and may even consider a return trip just to visit this bar', 'Cocktails are great and well prepared. They have a great selection of beers. The staff is very kind and welcoming. Great decoration and ambiance. Very good music! Loved it !', 'Great whisky bar - Wide selection of whiskies from vintage rarities to more recent and affordable options. Found some really nice, decent price single casks to try!', 'This pub was my favorite place in Oslo.\nGreat friendly service , amazing atmosphere, and nice pool tables .\n\nAlso, a very good selection of beers and spirits.\nDefinitely worth stopping in for a drink .\n\nOoo yeah they also have a very cool hidden bathroom.', 'Nice service, centrally located and screens (for sports) from every angle of seating. Also reasonably priced.\nRight next to both the main bus- and train station in Oslo.', 'Great prices for Oslo, Malik is helpful and gave us great advice on where to visit for the best possible experience in Oslo', 'Pretty nice casual cafe bar at the city of Oslo. Both indoor and outdoor seating is available, drinks, good variety of beers and coffees are served. Nice for watching sports, the service is good.', 'Nastiest bathroom in Oslo? Maybe not but definitely a contender.', "I live in Oslo for quite a long time and have been to Aye Aye couple of times but they seem to have issues with the staff.  Last time I was there the female bartender found me on Facebook and harassed me .Stay away from that place if you don't want to be harassed on Facebook and accused of things you didn't do. Pity, cause the owner is really kind and nice.", 'One of the must visit bars in Oslo if your a metalhead -and especially have an inner pirate!', 'Great place for few drinks! This is ideal for dining and have a chat with friends. I believe it will be pretty crowded in situation like live music.', "Happened to stumble in one time and have been going back ever since. Beer prices are similar to other locations nearby, but there's always some interesting people around and in general it feels like a solid place to get some or twenty beers in.", '86kr/€7.50 for beer right next to central station. Decent interior - cozy. Can’t complain!', "Fiasco is my go to place when I want a tasty beer and burger with my brother before we go out for the night. The burgers are served quickly and are delicious and the beer selection is always great. I've been going here for years and never had a bad experience.", "This is right outside the bus station connection pedestrian overpass to the Oslo main train station. The burger is supposedly very good. I think it's merely ok for the price.", "Unbeatable beer selection - with very reasonable price. Have a rotating craft beer selection. Plenty of burgers to choose from (all have the same price and they look very attractive - never tried).... It's  a  lively bar. Probably the best song playlist in town.\nNothing to complain here.. maybe a renovation would suffice.", 'Has a great upstairs area for sport sport and  a good atmosphere when Liverpool games are on as they seem to be affiliated with same. Beer is 112 kr for hansa which I think is expensive but you are in top location.\n\nSmall baldy barman was miserable and the tall dark lad was fun.', 'Would have given five stars but barman didnt know how to pour a Guinness i was given a guinness with a 50mm head each time we went to the bar and had to ask staff to top it up. Went back next night to watch an excellent live band and a different barman (Spanish ) poured a perfect Guinness and even managed a shamrock. So five stars to him. Oh and its very expensive. Good outside sitting for people watching.', 'Lively Pub near the water in Bergen, good for watching soccer and live music.  Friendly staff were welcoming and helpful and the service here was much faster than other pubs in the area.', 'Cool little pub with a Irish theme. I ordered a local ipa.  There were plenty of sports playing and several beers on draft.  They were out of Guinness when I visited but oh well I found something else. The restrooms are upstairs and I did not need to visit them nor did I try food.', 'Nice and cozy place. Super friendly bartenders.', 'Too funny for words. An Irish pub that had run out of Guinness. By the way if you are after a wine it is a wide choice. One red and one white and no, we didn’t ask.', 'Used to be a great place for beers and sports. The place has been worn down over the years and combined with little/no maintenance it is no in a really bad shape. The restrooms are disgusting and the place would definitely benefit refurbishment', 'The pub quiz is the best one I have ever been at 🤩', 'Highly recommended! Looks like a place where locals go! We ordered a Hansa beer and decided to have it in a beer garten as the weather was in our favor.', 'Stumbled upon this place on my first night in Bergen, while trying to find a cozy spot for a drink. I’m a Canadian, and had never been to a bar in Norway prior to this and wasn’t sure if I should wait to be seated, just walk up to the bar, or if there was table service at all. I made an assumption and walked up to a pretty busy bartender, Jans (uncertain of the spelling or if I heard his name correctly ha). Despite my awkward fumbling he made time to explain how best to order, that there were different sizes of beer, and even just welcomed me to the city and his spot - all while completely holding it down and helping other guests. When I went back up for a second round, I was curious about trying Norwegian aquavit, and he again went out of his way by recommending specific glassware, his favourites styles, some history, and how to cheers in Norwegian. The patio is on an incredibly charming cobblestone street, the beer and spirits selection are great, and the service made the whole experience so memorable. Loved it.', 'Good bar with lots of nice beers. Bar staff let you try things if you aren’t sure on the tap beers. Would happily recommend', 'When the bar manager who just passed puberty asks you to move over you get annoyed. Me and my gf spent lots of usd here and that one person ruined it for us. I heard that Norwegians don’t have good manners. Burg this was a shock 😳 The girls in the bars was great, I guess the guy wanted to be an Alfa male 🤣', 'I like this pub, good selection of beer and drinks. It is an informal place to meet. Occasionally they will show football (low volume). Or have live concerts', 'Not to big, and you can sit in a group ant talk comfortably.', 'Great place to enjoy a beer or a drink. Very knowledgable staff that give great service and can really do good drinks!', 'Great atmosphere for conversations with background music. Very friendly staff, very good selection of Beer and Liquor.', 'A nice Irish pub . I would recommend everyone to go to. With nice music dating from 80s and 90s.  Fun of rock ? Go there', 'good club but im sorry for the asian hate… they literally kicked out everyone in my asian group as we were not with any Norwegians at all which is very racist and judgemental. Even when i went back in the club they were very adamant on asian going in! I have given many google reviews and this was honestly the worst experience i have experienced so far!!!! BOOOO :((( sad but true.', 'Good place to watch the football. Pool tables available.', 'One of the best pubs/bars around Bergen. There is a big terrace for smokers. You can enjoy different beers, cocktails while playing pool, darts or just relaxing with your friends. The music is great as well.', 'I went there for the pubquiz and the movie night. Nice atmosphere, affordable drinks and friendly staff. 10/10 would visit it again.', 'Stunning student bar located in the old dock.', 'For students/young adults', 'Best place ever', 'Great place but could do with dropping the price of the beer. They are charging town prices. They only need to drop it a little bit.', 'Nice place n good bar some times with live music as well. Great location', 'Best pub in Bergen...', 'Got matt', 'Best bar in Norway with best barman - Brendan from Gympie Australia - 39 beers on tap - what’s not to like', 'Typical tourists, we came in one night after dinner to have a taste of some local acquavite. It’s a dark and super chill atmosphere, in one of the many cute little buildings in the center of Bergen. Open late, and open when loads of other places are closed.', 'Super cool 😎 The bar man advised a nice blonde beer that roughly translated as fresh breeze... it was light & crisp 👌 would be cool to have a jukebox?', 'Nice little bar in Bergen. They play records all night and the bartenders have some good options to play. Really great beer selection tap and very friendly bartenders. Worth visiting and having a cocktail.', 'Way more expensive than we thought. My friend ordered a pizza for 179 Crowns, which was clearly a frozen pizza from the supermarket and I paid 149 Crowns for one Cider. The ambience was nice, but there was nothing special to it, so I don‘t know how they take the liberty to charge such horrendous prices. Wouldn‘t go there again.', 'Small bohemian vibe sort of place. Friendly helpful staff, decent cocktails drinks and pizza. Away from the main bar areas it felt local and relaxing.', 'Super friendly, cool place. A must see spot If You have one night in Bergen. Nice backyard with fresh food and excellent cocktails. Ps. I do not live in Bergen 😉', 'Love this place. Can’t get more warm and real.', 'Super friendly staff, great view, nice music, the food was good.', 'Nice outside pub. Good beers and friendly staff. 4 stars since no longer doing food so not being advertised correctly', 'Always good staff n fun with sing along(karaoke on Fridays n Saturdays)', '27 degree and they keep the heaters on.\nExtremely rude server\nI will avoid this place in the future', 'Very cool bar to pass by for a drink or to play a game of billiard. Billiard is quite expensive but the tables and equipment is well maintained.\n\nThe flair is super cozy and the drinks are delicious!', 'Super cool spot with excellent service!\n\nThe bartender greeted me right away and helped me pick a great be (the dark 7F). I HIGHLY recommend checking this place out!!\n\nCheers 🍻', "A nice ambience inside, but that's about it. Drinks were ludicrously expensive - there are more reasonably priced places in Bergen. Plus, you have to pay per minute to play pool. What happened to putting a coin in the machine and then taking however long you need to enjoy the game with friends?", 'Contactless order and pay. Spectacular atmosphere and inviting furniture.\n\nLots of comfy couches, that are neat, classy, and most importantly, clean.\n\nThis place is a hidden gem no matter where you find it, be it New York City, Miami, London, or Bergen. You will not regret coming here and trying one of their delicious, hand-crafted cocktails.\n\nI recommend the cherry rye whiskey sour.', "We went to a handful of bars/pubs in Bergen and this one wasn't our favorite. It was pretty loud and crowded when we were there, not cozy as others described. We also asked the bar tender what was in one of the cocktails and he said he didn't know because he didn't like the drink. They do have free wifi though", "Awesome music, often less mainstream rock and pop tunes. Chill atmosphere with very friendly staff. It's very centrally located, so it's a great place for meeting up for a drink with a friend or a stranger.", "Definitely a local dive with no menus other than that scribbled on the chalk board. Wide range of local beers and cocktails. Service is very friendly, and helpful with drink recommendations.\n\nLess of a tourist haunt even though it's in the city. Frequented by a seemingly more working adult crowd.\n\nDrinks range from 70 - 100 NOK, which is quite standard for this city.", 'Tasty cocktails and nice atmosphere. The wait time can be long in rush hour. Follow bartenders recommendations:)', 'Absolutely loved it. Atmosphere is so nice, cozy and beautiful. This kind of bars I live! Free entrance - fair price for cocktails. Nice, happy people. We had amazing night out', 'The place was very cozy. Very spacious between tables and seats. Got its unique tropics theme decoration all over the place. The bartender was very talkative and welcoming. However, we enjoyed the ambience more than our drinks. We had an Undead and a Theodor’s Tipple. Both drink were fine but not extraordinary. Nothing really special in them and the alcohol concentration was not high as well. Overall, a good place to chill with an average drink in the city of Bergen.', "Great atmosphere and cocktails! I liked that there were some interesting twists on old favorites.\nThe ordering via the QR code on the tables does not work well for people without the local payment system. It's only that or credit card and it took forever to fill out all the info, table details and such. I've seen this system implemented much better elsewhere. In the end, walking to the bar was easier...", 'Great place to meet up with friends. Good selections of drinks and cocktails. Nice decor, lots of plants.', 'Great restaurant. There is nothing negative, I really recommend it. High class service. The food was great and all the guests liked it. A big thank you to the kitchen and waiters.', 'Really great find, fantastic meal with friendly efficient staff.', 'We got a seat today and the food was very delicious. It was simply good. Not amazing or anything that would throw me, but just really good food.\nWaiters were quick and sharp and had a good amount of attention even though the place was filling up. Well balanced price value in this great place Bergen.', 'Good quality and not too expensive for Norway', 'Great atmosphere and coffee. Love the cozy atmosphere and the service. Plan to get here early as it is popular and fills up!', 'I was surprised when I walked into this bar. It was a late sunday, all coffee shops in the city were closed, Vågal was kind of a last resort to try and get some decent coffee. And I was really impressed! It’s hard to tell if I simply lucked out on the bartender/barista or if Vågal actually requires barista skills for the job, but nonetheless I was actually really impressed with both the Kenyan pourover I ordered and the latte my girlfriend got. The milk had nice texture and the latte art was great! Overall I’d highly recommend going here. The coffee is great and it had potentially my favorite atmosphere of any coffee-shop in town. My only slight criticism, more a recommendation than critique: they only carry BKB coffee, which although it’s gotten better and more «specialty» over the years, it still is far behind the top dogs like Jacu, Supreme and Langøra. So maybe having those roasteries featured as well could be an idea? But then again this is a bar after all, any specialty coffee is far beyond the others.\n\nKeep up the great work guys! This was my first visit but it’ll be far from the last.', 'Super friendly, chill, cute place to hang out! Really good prices for food, beer, wine and coffee - highly recommend 😊', 'A really nice place, warm and with a good vibe. I loved both the atmosphere and the food, the vegan cake was amazing !', 'Lovely restaurant with great service and servings. Ordered a Royal Burger and our meals came in less than 10 mins.', 'Good service and atmosphere. Some vegetarian options. They were able to make a vegan burger by removing all dressings, which made the burger a bit dry. The onion rings were delicious however.', "Amazing burgers! The meat patty is nicely cooked and a bit smoky, having the same taste as the burgers I cook on my grill at home. The ingredients feel fresh, and the burger overall is very juicy. The sweet potato fries are also good, it's just the drinks that are a bit pricey (you pay for a drink almost as much as you pay for a burger). The restaurant was not too crowded ans the service is nice. You can order directly from the table using your mobile phone and pay once you place the order. The serving took less than 10 minutes. Best burger I had at a restaurant in Norway, by far! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐", "Great burgers and the side dishes are quite generous in their sizes. Drinks are on the expensive side but that's the norm in Norway.\n\nGood for a night out with your friends or even for a couple :)", "It's restaurant style, my love of BBQ and the restaurant staff earned this five star from us. Our experience for the first time at Brasillia was fantastic, we tried the NKK 585 (C$80per person) all you can eat 14 type of meat BBQ, ( lamb, sausages, chorizo, chicken, pork, beef...etc.) they are all delicious and lamb and its pork ribs is our favorite. they will give you a card that you can flip over for yes or stop serving (to give you a break on the flow of bbq) if you need serving of meats on your table, the chef will walk around the restaurant bringing skewers of bbq and slices it on your plate. they also have a buffet of side dishes, salads and wonderful sauces to match your BBQ. It was a great experience for us at Bergen, Norway!", 'Nice “Rodizzio” Restaurant, ideal for friends or families. For a Business dinner it is too loud. The Buffet is small but fine, you find the typically Brazilian starters and side dishes. Then the meat comes directly to your table . I recommend to try the buffet but don’t take much otherwise you will not achieve to taste all the meat types.\nThe reservations are for 2 hours but after the first 60 minutes you are more than satisfied.\nThe price is for a buffet in Norway OK.', "Pros: Some very tasty meats and drinks. Would 100% recommend the premium caipirinha. So good\n\nCons: Took a long time to get some meat. My friend didn't get his beer until he was done eating. No chance of tasting all the meats as you would expect when this is advertised", "What an experience! An absolute must-eat spot for every diehard meat fan. Decent service and atmosphere, huge side buffet on its own + LARGE selection of various meats. Spicy mojito is one of the best cocktails I've had recently.\nWhat's there not to love? :)", 'Awesome Irish Pub!! Nice crowd and staff.', 'The barman was like the baldy Tom cruise mixing cocktails. Did the work of two men and very welcoming', "A low-ceiling, pleasant atmosphere, authentic looking Irish pub dead in the middle of Stavanger. Went in vey tired after a full day's hike for a couple of beers and left with a big smile on my face. People seemed really friendly and relaxed and I felt like I've been going there my whole life. Loved it!", 'Great pub atmosphere.  Good selection of beers and a great place to watch sport.', 'A bar you could easily get very comfortable in.  Great chilled-out atmosphere with a good selection of beers, nice people and great location.  Visited a couple of times when we shared in Stavenger.', 'Great atmosphere, nice bartender, and good cold beer. Stopped by while walking around and ended up there for a few hours playing bar games. Definitely a nice diversion when your not from Norway.', 'Very nice place, I recommend it to visit.', 'Brownish semi-Irish pub with a couple of locals enjoying their Sunday afternoon beers. Good Guinness', 'We had a such a great time in this place 👏👏 I really recommend it, my friends and I are in our mid 20’s and early 30’s and we enjoyed it a lot.', 'We went here in the time the student were having their introduction week. It was very nice to see so much coziness and fun with the student needed to do the assignments by the schools. Furthermore, the staff is very helpful and nice. All together, a very nice experience!', "If you're looking for the finest French Chablis and velvet chairs, this isn't your place.\n\nBut, if you're into a spot of people watching in the sun, tasty beverage in hand, the Beverly is a great spot. It's one of the best spots in Stavanger to sit and watch the foot traffic at the harbour, and the cruise ships pulling in and out of port.", 'The security here is very rude, I followed all the rules waited in the line for 1 hour and 30 min i was not clearly drunk, but the security here just kicked me out for no reason at all.  I felt very disrespected and kicked out because i am clearly gay and have a very strong feeling that is the reason for me being kicked out. Honestly the rudest security and hope that Beverly would change their security because honestly they are very harsh towards their customer for no reason at all.', 'It was really the only place open as it was Bank Holiday Monday...... my mom was with us also and her name is Mary so was a fun visit...they had had a party the night before and we ..   had our feet sticking to the floor etc but added to the atmosphere 👌', 'Great pub ..very decorative and unique...right in the port of Stavenger ...❤️', 'Lovely bar with a Nordic theme, suits the aesthetic and atmosphere of a bubbling Norwegian town. Stavanger has a few bars and pubs to visit: this is certainly one of them', 'Great pub with friendly staff. Great surroundings really good pricing for Norway only a tenner a pint lol', 'I really enjoyed the place. It has unique and vibrant atmosphere. Great choice of beers and other liquers. Two floors (the upper is open at 6 pm) with own bars. I recommend it :)', 'If you love to taste beer, this is the place to go! They have an extensive beer menu with beer in various categories and they can also arrange beer tasting if you go there as a group. The whole place looks like a typical British pub and there is a good atmosphere there at night. Recommended especially if you are adventurous and want to taste many different types of beer.', 'Great selection of craft beer and classics.\n\nA bit pricey, and they don’t serve any food. From a beer and atmosphere perspective it is a five star option.', 'Helpful and friendly barstaff guided me to just the right beer, as close to a traditional maltøl as possible. Cozy space, feels like a different period. A good spot to hide from the rain. No view, but good tables for communal discussion.', 'As food they have only pølser (hot dog) and some snack, but is a great place for drink beer and play games with friends. Very interesting as after dinner place', 'Popped in for a coffee and snack. Had a hot dog. Tasty. And the bar staff were friendly.', 'I always seem to end up here. I really enjoy the vibe and atmosphere of this place, and they have a good variety of beer without this being the only available drink, by far. Good music, and the vokume allows for conversations, though in a Saturday night more one to one than group conversations.', 'This is an amazing little pub tucked away in old Stavanger near the harbor. Staff are friendly and helpful. There is a large selection of local and Scandic beers on tap. They have most everything else you could be looking for available in a bottle. I would suggest allowing the bar keep to steer you towards a local brew they are varied and very very good.\nGreat outdoor seating area with a beautiful view of old Stavanger.', 'Always a fun place to go out drinking with your friends. You can dance on the tables to a beloved sing-along type of music. The Staff is nice and welcoming wearing Authentic Oktoberfest outfits (Dirndl and Lederhosen). You’ll can expect great service from the waitresses and bartenders serving your shots on skis with fireworks you can also ask for the 4liter draftbeer on a self tap unit. In my opinon the cocktails served here are great. Ask your bartender for their recommendations🍻', 'Dog water', 'Excellent evening enjoying Oktoberfest with beer and sausage. Music could have been better  !', 'Hi it was very fun and I met a lot of friends, cheap Jäger Bomb.', 'Nice place to meet friends and enjoy a beer. You may also order a pizza or a burger.', 'Very cozy place, great for weekend football. Not super crowded like other sportsbars, but chilled with a very friendly environment', "Slow service, bar tender couldn't serve in correct order. Walked out because might as well give my money to a bar that knows what it is doing", 'Beste, charming place for beer, fotball, good food and atmosphere in Stavanger. Hidden Gem!', 'Interesting place, but the lady bartender does not fill glasses to the top as should be. I had to argue with her to get the glass filled in to 0,5 l.\nWill not go there anymore.', 'This place has a few good local beers, great cocktails, and friendly staff. Their free WiFi is fast and reliable, and the ambiance is great. There is a large terrace outside that fills up quickly and their decorations and art are unique and interesting.', "Super nicely decorated. Very different and quite interesting if you pay attention to the details. Good location as well, right in the center, at the cutest street.\nBut I went there for lunch and got really disappointed when I chose the quinoa salad and they just turned some plastic container over a bowl and gave me that. It's the kind of thing you get at any supermarket or convenience store, so definitely not expected at a café.", 'Best drinks, good people, good music.\nWe can talk, drink and enjoy friends company.', 'Nice place. Mediocre drinks, small and expensive. Waiter a bit too overeager running around the bar with his credit card terminal. Feeling a bit pushy.', "Owned by a talented gay musician with a wondrous sense of humour, this is THE place to go if you're out to hang with the fringe crowd or just want to meet extraordinary people. Everyone else is also welcome, and the feeling of being right at home ensures it's a place that fills up no matter what. Be early if your desire outside seating. Oh and you'll dig the chandeliers!", 'I really liked this little cozy place. An amazing brownie and really nice hot chocolat.', 'What a great experience to wbjoy a drink and lovely company in this lovely bar. Thank you', 'Cool place, lovely service. The music was also on point. Sad they close at 1.30am🤩', 'Restaurant with Brazilian service in the heart of Stavanger, I met in February 2023 with friends when we performed the flight simulator. Wonderful service.', 'Nice little place a bit out of the way. But still quite popular. One hidden gem is the food! The Picanha! Is just delicious. Nice sortment of sides like the farofa, feijoada and salsa. Well worth the visit!', 'A nice environment, but a bit surprised by the price you pay and the amount food you get...scampi is really just a very small tapas, but price is like a dish. Cocktails have limited selections, in the end we get something improvised by waiter. Waiter is nice, lady from the kitchen is arrogant and unpleasant to interact with.', 'Nice local bar in Stavanger Fisketorget area. It shows premiere football.', 'I am very much impressed by the quality of cleaning routines on the mens room. Until now I had yet to experience a pee free surface in what you’d call a 100% male-only facility. Good job #blessed', 'A good English pub near the port of stavanger.', 'Nice venue with lots of seating and helpful, friendly staff', 'Cozy place, wish there was more blues /rock played.', 'Standard bar? A bit more rock going for it. Used to be better. But its nice and less mainstream than other bars. Go early cuz its always full', "This place has it's own atmosphere....\nUsually the music is really good.\nthe interior is a bit weird, but it has it's own charm...", 'The best bar in Stavanger for live rock and metal. Good selection of beers,and good staff.', 'Another great place I always seem to end up in when in Stavanger. Always fun to visit!', 'Wonderful atmosphere, friendly staff.', 'The beer has sour flavour, and they simply say “sorry, cant help how it tastes” 😂 Ridiculous place, ridiculous service.', 'Good place to take a drink, with a great shuffle board in the back.\n\nA place where a lot of the people har local regulars instead of tourist.\n\nThey server Tou beer on tap', 'The food is delicious! My girlfriend and I have eaten here twice during our one week stay in Stavanger. My photos show a "frokostsmoothie" and Kofta kebab both served during the Gladmat festival - if it\'s standard on the menu I don\'t know. The first time we visited Finkel we ate rye bread with avocado - yum!', 'Very friendly service and delicious salmon sandwich! Recommended!', 'I druk here norwegian beer. Its expensive one but nice place.', "Good food, dumb staff. We had BLTs and coffee and found the food reasonably priced and yummy. The staff ran around like chickens with their heads cut off - one coffee they delivered with no cream and sugar, the next coffee had cream and sugar. Then you either had to go in yourself for cream and sugar, then they'd bring it out. The lady brought our sandwiches didn't recognize us even though we'd ordered from her just minutes before. Another table had similar issues & we got a kick out of it. Good ambience and the place has potential if the staff can figure out how to bring food out to tables. :)", 'Live music great service and great atmosphere. They have tags which show their spoken languages as flags!', 'Very cozy , i enjoyed a nice friday evening with friends over some live music , keep going guys ! Friendly bartenders. Great atmosphere', 'Not a great sound system, horrible cumbersome chairs and possibly the rudest Norwegian guys I’ve met since arriving, who were taking videos of an all-girl group uninvited. If you like salsa though, worth a visit…the terrace outside is pleasant enough.', 'I went into this place from the suggestion of a friend and completely fell in love with it! Every person who worked there, on a busy Friday\nnight, greeted me, welcomed me, checked in with me from the moment I walked in the door. The cocktails are gorgeous. On top of that, the weekend cabaret show was phenomenal. Not too loud, but just setting the vibes for a perfect weekend. It was awesome. I loved every minute and this place is now one of my fave spots in Stavanger!', 'Steak was good, and very quiet and nice at a Monday night. As expected. Helpful staff, not much waiting time.', 'Friendly and unpretentious, mixed crowd and good selection of food and drink. Great outdoor area right next to the shopping street.', 'Bar with some times live music. Last night there was a good concert but no sound tech, and a lot of feedback =/', 'Brown style place. Always well staffed and not to much waiting. Very cramped in the weekends.', 'Good vibes and good beer selection with the team knowing their knowledge.\n\n*strange that your security refuse men at the door with shorts on in the summer though * maybe that’s something you should change?', 'I was looking forward to trying out Melkebaren after many good reviews. Unfortunately, we ordered Ink & Dagger on tap and got an Imperial IPA. This is just not acceptable in a place like this. The bartender was not interested in helping us either. We ordered can to verify.', 'The pub is nice. Beer selection is pretty diverse.', 'Excellent selection of beers in reasonable prices (for Norway). The best Guinness I ever drank. The barmen are very helpful and know their beers very well. There are chairs outside with a smoking area. It really is a nice place, although it is a little of the main path. Which in my opinion is a plus.', "Enjoyed there and for sure I'll go there again when I'm coming to Trondheim", "It's hard to find an affordable watering hole in Trondheim. The staff were very friendly and indulged us Americans in a little much needed small talk. 110 Nok for a .6 of. ol vs 180 Nok for a .4 at the posh diner.", 'Great vibes and great people running the place. Go to spot for a beer and pub meals!', "Very cool bar. And there's pool upstairs", 'It is a bar with always a great atmosphere. You can go watch a rugby match or probably any other spots match and drink something while you are at it. There are also events like the Pub Quiz that are also very fun. That said the food is cheap but bad, even being cheap it made me sad to eat that burger... you get what you pay I guess', "Amazing! Extremely hospitable to me and my daughter when we travelled to Trondheim! Such a wonderful bunch of people! Made us feel right at home. Can't thank you enough! Sarah was a delight with my daughter. 5*******", 'Avoid this place at all cost if you are not Norwegian and have had any alcohol before coming. This place hate foreigners. Me and my girlfriend were not allowed to come in because we were "to drunk". We had had to beers to our dinner and not drunk at all. In most countries you are even allowed to drive a car with to beers in your system.', 'This place is great. I am an American and wanted to watch NFL on a Sunday while in town. The owner took me upstairs to a setup with sound where myself, another American, and a couple of local guys were able to watch on a big screen. I did not eat, but the guys next to me had fish and chips and said it was great.', 'Went here after enjoying Johnathan\'s Grill! Needed some "me time" to get a nice drink with my lady friends! Service was so nice! Got a picture of my drink thankfully! I would be happy to  go back!', 'Absolutely wonderful experience from beginning to end. Top-notch staff. The service is better than you even know you needed, and the drinks are finely crafted and help tell parts of the history of Trondheim. Can’t wait to come back!', 'I loved it. I can only recommend. Drinking there is a life experience. Don’t judge me by reading this, but you should definitely visit the toilets as well! It is so fancy. Oh, by the way, dress nice 😉', 'Just go! Cocktails take you on a journey, service is wonderful, and the atmosphere is inviting and beautiful.', "Great atmosphere, good knowledge of whiskies and other spirits. I would recommend asking for advice and be surprised to try different things. Good Aquavit is also stocked and don't leave without trying a glass.", 'I keep coming back each time I am in Trondheim. It has an excellent collection of Aquavit and many other liquors and beer. Follow the recommendations of the bartender when ordering. I have never been steered wrong.', 'The staff made us feel like our visit there was an inconvenience to them. Great selection in beers, cocktails and whiskies.', 'Good selection of whiskey and bottled beer. The draft menu is poor through. Good seating and nice athompshere. Poor and small toilet area. Service was just what you can expect, friendly enough but nothing extra.', 'Typical pub, with Norwegian dishes, and dards game', 'Try gulasjuppe! :D', 'Climbing adventures.', 'Incredibly nice pub, classic and delightful. The service is as always outstanding and matches the food. The goulash soup is highly recommended, the meat soup is also delicious and is available in slightly larger portions. Enjoy the food, enjoy the atmosphere, accept life lessons and have a slightly better day 👍', 'Cozy atmosphere and friendly bar staff.\nThere were a ton of board games available for borrowing, and even a TV with some retro videogames.\n\nHad a selection of microbrews both on tap and in cans.', 'Wonderful beer, great music and a surprising selection of board games!', "Came down to a.. quiz. I don't mind the quiz.. but the poster outside stated clearly rock and metal. Did not get that. Going to finish up my beer and head toward another place.", 'I was visiting Trondheim and found this great bar. Awesome music and even as a tourist I easily could make some new local friends.  Beer was affordable considering general prices in Norway.', 'Great place for football games and fantastic service', 'Where the locals go to catch the game and a beer!!', "It's a sports bar, but I've never watched sports here. Good atmosphere and nice personnel!", 'Nice place with nice people. Basse...', 'Great service. Awesome rock bar. Chill and friendly bartenders', 'The vault cellar pub with the absolute greatest "be yourself" / "come as you are"-factor.\n\nWhether tourist or Tronndheimer, I think everyone should have the pleasure of experiencing a live concert in such an amazing atmosphere!\n\nRather impressive selection of beer, bottled as well as on tap. And last but not least: A wonderful crew of employees! Rolling a 7 on the dice here. Check it!', '10/10 would play Ixodes - Monolithian again and again and again. Lovely how they allow music requests\n🥴👍', "Great rock bar, very underground feeling. Had no idea there was a concert going on, but got tickets anyway, and loved Ingenium. The headliner was not so much our cup of tea, but that's no fault of the venue. :) Would go again.", 'Live Music and a great jam session!', 'Cozy place and good live music.', 'This place has its own unic style, smiling people dancing and good blues music', 'Great music a classic pub.', 'Good music', 'Nice place with pleasant staff, but it always smells remarkably bad in there. I think there is a lack of exhaust fans in the toilets. Almost always smells of urine throughout the room. Really should have taken it because the space itself is relatively good.', 'Old-fashioned arched cellar. Can be perceived as a bit claustrophobic and cramped.\nDistinct urine smell in the room.\nPlus for shuffleboard.', 'Fantastic place with top music and Irish coffee', 'Refreshing cocktails. Overtly sweet for our taste. Perhaps a classic margarita would relieve that next time …pineapple punch was nice and bubbly, lightly sour, spicy margarita and the mint, ginger, tequila drink were both very very sweet.', 'Worst experience ever. Was not allowed to enter the place while it was half full and a slow day. We six black friends were stopped and denied to come in, they were letting inn every other person to enter. Even tho they didn’t say it directly we felt unaccepted with the excuse (they said it was full) they gave us. I have had very fun experiences when I came with my Norwegian friends while it Was full of people to the door but today they ruined our night.', 'Me and my girlfriend were trying to find a good place for drinks, albeit a bit early in the evening. The entrance is more like that of a restaurant and I immediately thought the place to be pretentious. We were the only ones there, it\'s a cocktail bar, and we have to wait to get seated. We stood outside of the "please wait to be seated" sign for only a brief moment before a waitress escorted us to a table. We were practically the only guests but the waitress filled the room with enthusiasm. I\'m a sucker for knowledge I really don\'t need so when she began the saga of how they make the Claro Colada I was sold. And soon enough the whole place were packed and our wallets were empty. We ended up trying almost every drink on the menu with the Claro Colada being a favorite for both of us. Rounded off the evening with a 10 year Sazerac and a smile. The relationship ended(I miss u babe pls come back) but the memories remain. 5/5 would buy every item again.', 'Awesome cocktails! They put a lot of work in the cocktails. By far the best in Trondheim.', 'This is one of my favorite pubs in Trondheim!  Situated on the old Town Bridge over the Nidelva River,  it makes you experience the authentic feeling of the interior of old river houses.  The taps are not super thrilling,  but the environment definitely makes up for that.  Last Time I was  there during the Ale Festival so I could taste some pretty interesting beers and ales from local breweries,  so definitely a great experience.', 'The place is really cozy and the layout reminds you of a modern but at the same time old ancient bar. They have sitting places on a dock outside during summer. It’s really nice. Prices are on average the same as other places in the city and they also have reduced prices for students.', 'They know their job! The service is very helpful and can advise on your drink. The selection of beers is very nice (local, international, and krafts). And then there is a unique atmosphere, whether it is a wooden inside or an outside wobbling barge.', 'A good place to spend your Friday night with friends.. This place is just near the best spot in town - gamle Bybro.', 'Refurbished but still centered around darts and alcohol. Mostly regulars and you can get drunk here without being harassed by the staff.', 'Good services 🥰', 'Relaxed atmosphere and friendly staff.', '💂💂💂🍣💂💂💂🐥', 'Patricks Pub Kristiansand/ Norway\n\n01/2023 & 02/2023\n05/2022 & 06/2022\n\nPlaces inside and outside seats. 👍\n\nGood place where you can eat good food or drink (water, wine, beer...)\n\nFriendly personal, quick to bring ordered drinks.\n\nEating also littel later 20:00 possible\n\nKitchen closed 21:30\n\nBurger and also spareribs are very delicious and tasty.👍👍\n\nNot so loud music so you can talk inside\n\nPlaces ouside you can seat under heater and/ or with blankets.\n\nNice place\n\nPrice ok..', 'Wonderful experience eating and drinking,  pleasant staff able to suit my requirements', 'Went for the beerselection, but was very positively suprised over the food, and very impressed by the crew! Staff greeted us with a friendly face, behind facemasks wich everyone wore. All throughout our visit the employees constantly checked in on us, gave recommendations on food and beer. - Kudos! We had crispy chicken tacos as a starter. It was crisp, had spicy flavours and was very juicy. As a main we had the Penne Louisianna, a creamy and spicy pastadish. I canot fault this place for anything, very good experience!', 'Came all the way from Austria for the best burger in kr.sand, definitely worth it.\n\nSuper food and super service', 'Quiet (when we were there at 2pm, Saturday in March) little bar. Has the English premiership football on the TV. Clean and tidy. Barman was polite and spoke fluent English.', 'Nice, not so expensive pub!', 'Very nice', 'Great bar, we meet all our friends there.', "The cops stay away from this place. It's anarchy", 'Great beer great people', 'Lovely', 'Best', "They don't allow foreigners into this place", 'Plays the same music alot, but still fun music', 'U u u y y', 'Very Nice spot', '', 'Was here for music bingo. Great atmosphere, and a very nice bingo host. The clientele was a bit young as I am 40+ but I really enjoyed myself. Will probably come back and try my luck one more time 😄', 'Very pleasant place. Always fun with karaoke, and good hosts who manage the show!', 'Best karaoke bar in town! Tuesdays even start the day with NOK 35 beer!!! Totally crazy! Diggers sailors', 'Friendly staff, good sized dancefloor and TVs for football', 'Very nice atmosphere amd good drinks. There is often live music.', 'Love this place, come play billiards and enjoy', 'Play games, drink beer, chill out, dance around. All Inn', "It's pub where u can enjoy on weekends..mainly youth", "They have a fantastic meat patty with exciting toppings, it's the cities best burger in my opinion, and according to many others as they keep winning the title ;)\nSadly, it's a sports bar which means it's hard to have a conversation if there's a game on TV.... When you pay make sure to ask for the Burger Card so you can get the 6th burger for free.", 'Good for when you want to spend some. teenage fun time with your friends. Amazing part is the free games every friday! Recommend it if you want to go to a bar/restaurant with stuff to do all around you.', 'Food was great. Lovely burger, large portion size. Liked the sports bar style. Staff were polite and helpful. Spoke English good, thanks.\nHighly recommended for a bite to eat and a beer or two.', 'Javel Pub Kristiansand Norway 🇳🇴\n\n06/2022\n\nOne of the last good pubs in Kristiansand, where you can go for over 40 years old👍\n\nKaraoke singing is announced, so very fun who likes it. From very good singers to those who never will.\n\nThe pub is "always" well filled, sometimes a bit noisy but 👍 .\nFriendly staff although it is very stressful for the ladies & gentlemen at the bar\n👍👍👍\n\nThe security ladies are very attentive.👍👍.\nAll drinks that are available are served.\n\nI think highly recommended\n\nPrice ok', "Lovely overall atmosphere, nice and friendly staff. I'm taking a star off for the fact that I expected more rock in the karaoke part of the evening.", "Visited the place on Friday evening.\nIt's FUN.\nThe karaoke was really fun to watch, and there were some really good ones.\nThe guy who worked there had a good talent.\n\nThe other good thing is that they have quality drinks.\nThx for the experience.", 'Nice smal rocker pub. Kareoke on Thursdays and lots of other fun activities such as pub quiz and more.', 'The fish & fried is delicious. Unfortunately, I forgot to take the take-out (half of the fish & fried) since the waitress collected it and did not bring back the bag of food.', 'Amazing food and fresh fish. Friendly service - although one man show! We can absolutely recommend this restaurant, which is directly located at the fish market!', "The food looks good and tastes alright however the service is terrible and the prices are ludicrous.\n\nWe had bread with shrimps and a hit chocolate as well as a fish soup with a coke (0.2). For each meal we paid around 250-300 Krona so 25 to 30 Euros without tip. For this price one should get a good meal which leaves nothing to be desired. The cream on the hot chocolate had gone bad. The soup came cold (probably forgot to put it in the microwave after taking it out of the container). The shrimp decoration was still frozen. After we had to ask the waiter twice to improve the quality (cream and cold soup) not once did she try to offer us anything complimentary to make up for the obvious mistakes. She didn't offer blankets or to turn on the heater either.\n\nThe soup tasted alright. The amount of fish inside wasn't that big. There were lots of carrots though. The taste was alright but not very strong.\nThe bread my colleague had was good but then again the mayo was served separately in a plastic pouch like from McDonald's. This isn't resembling the big price and also doesn't make sense. How are you supposed to put it onto the stacked bread and still eat it comfortably?\n\nOverall we weren't really satisfied and would not recommend going there again.", "Very friendly service and delicious food and seafood dishes.\nAnd what I really didn't expect: They also have pretty decent cocktails.\nIf I ever visit Kristiansand again, this restaurant will be my first stop.", "I would have to say that it depends on what room you get. It's really a huge difference with that. And you would think that it would be much warmer in the rooms instead of so cold. And I am not a little man, but if I was any bigger I would not be able to fit in the bathroom. Room (224) if you get that room ask for a different one. 😊 other than that it's a wonderful beautiful place. Very nice folks.", 'Heart of Kristiansand next to the best pub/club in kristiansand, Old Irish Pub is where you get live music and a DJ to party the night away. Very friendly receptionist that looked after me when I had a problem with the tv, had a conference call and needed a tv with HDMI connection, he moved me to another room and I didnt miss the call bar a few minutes. Really helpful and friendly staff and amazing rooms you would expect to find at the Clarion', 'AC says it\'s on but it\'s not, very hot in the rooms. Hallways smell bad, carpets are beat up, and the bathrooms have "automatic" lights that never turn off. It\'s also surrounded by noisy bars', 'Probably the worst and smallest hotel room I have ever had the displeasure of staving in. The view to the lobby was mediocre.  Breakfast ok until they started taking the food away 15 minutes before closing time.', 'Very intimate, small pub. Feels weirdly British- but quite few years ago. Good beer.', 'Traditional pub, great service. Roof terrace as highlight. Great location', 'very nice', "Currently closed due to Covid19 lockdown. It's been open for over 50 years so it will open again.", 'I would have to say, that on my trip here to Norway - I have not gone to many bars, I did not have a drink. However, serving speed and accuracy of my friends orders were great.', 'Went here twice with my boyfriend and his friends. I really like the ambience and not too crowded when i visit. I ordered rum strawberry/watermelon cocktail and it was super good.', 'Cool pub with English speaking employees, usually a wide age range during the evenings.\nServes a couple of different Gluten-free beers.', 'The best Irish pub in town. Newly refurbished. Extremely friendly staff. Wide range of beers.', "It's a tiny intimate beer pub. They also have a decent selection of gin & tonic's and gin cocktails, House recipes. Eleven different beers on tap and plenty of beers on bottle, and some ciders.", "Dark bar with a well executed steampunk theme. Music can be varied at some times as they play mostly anything of requests. However the usual genre would be rock/ metal.\n\nThey have a great assortment of beers. However not as big on mixed drinks and cocktails. But do try one of their gin-drinks if you're a happy ginaholic.", "Honestly the best pub in Drammen, it's not too much people here so you'll be able to breathe. The interior and theme of this pub is amazing, the drinks are the best. I like how it's kind of hidden too. This is my go-to pub in Drammen.", 'Best service you can ever have', 'Very good place,try everyone:)', 'Very friendly staff let me charge my phone there and were very helpful and friendly. Good place to see football, eat some pub grub and play pool. Close to the local football stadium.', 'Probably the best sports bar in Drammen', 'Socially, sporty and entertaining place with the best pizza ever!', "The place was empty except for a table with girls, but I was told they were full, so the doorman let in several scantily clad girls while I wasn't allowed. I feel discriminated against. Don't go back.", 'Rip off on drinks etc, good she in the bar was pretty to look at😕 NOT GOOD😔', 'Small and cozy place. Decent price. The doormen are pleasant and provide proper service', 'Great place, good service, pleasant staff', 'Super nice place relax and enjoy alone or with your friends 🙂', 'up there when it comes to prices compared to same spots in Drammen, but homely atmosphere and the only place where you can get a "topped Bayer", a local pilsner topped with Bayer to get a unique flavour for an affordable price. Great for football matches, especially local.', 'Perfect place to drink beer and watch football ⚽ 👍', 'This place left me speechless. It’s brilliant 🤩', 'Only bar in the centre having that big craft beers selection. They have a nice cocktail menu as well. U can always ask a bartender to get recommendations on beer or if U just cant decide what kind of cocktail is for You- they are very helpful.', "With Roli as a new boss of Pavarotti the place will Bloom and attract customers with their delicious and home made food kolbasas/polse made entirely by Roli are to die for and so are all of his smoked dishes...\nThe other day he made a potato stew with smoked carrots with oyster mushrooms for our 2 year old son... and he ate the entire thing... First time ever I've heard his say that he is full but he wanta more...\nOoh and the deserts... Simple but delicious\nGo eat and try it for yourself...", "One of the worst cocktails I've ever had was served at Pavarotti. Otherwise the place is in dire need of a thorough scrub down and renovation. Tip: avoid this place and visit a clean, professional bar instead.", "A very cozy and intimate pub located in the heart of Drammen. Barkeepers are profesional, experienced and most of all nice.\n\nThey have a large assortment of beer, and what i would say the best assortment of whiskey, rum and cognac in the city. If you're in for trying something new or extraordinary, this is the place.\n\nIf you're more in the mood for mixed cocktails and longdrinks I can promise you, you won't get dissapointed with the quality and advice you'll get from the bar keepers here.", 'Really really good tapas for a fair price. This place is way to cheap for its amazing food! This is a hidden perl of Drammen!! The chervre with honey was amazing!', "Lovely and tasty tapas and descent prices!\n\nRecommended to pre-order table.\n\nHad to wait a bit to pay while we had empty glasses and table, was a full house so it's understandably.", 'Great food together with an exceptional service made this a great evening. 5 star no doubt 👌', "Food was really really good for a fair price. Staff were really nice. Had to wait at the bar for a table, not a problem but a local runt that was clearly known to the staff got territorial and obnoxious, maybe because I'm not from Norway? Need to stop people like this hanging round the bar spoiling your reputation. Other than that, great place, but did kind of ruin the experience.", 'Skjenkestua a/s is a very nice place, where you can get a good meal, or very good beer from the locale Aass Bryggeri, and several other drinks, in a very cosy atmosphere, it is a backyard you can use in the summer, and in the wintertime indoors. I will recommend this very special place from the bottom of my heart. The house, where the restaurant/pub is in, its one of the oldest house in the town of Drammen. Cheers/SKÅL!', 'Traditional Norwegian restaurant with typical dishes from all parts of Norway. Highly recommend!', 'Drammen’s oldest pub. Rustic place providing generous helpings of traditional Norwegian food. Good place for a beer and a pub meal.', 'V. nice food. Portions bigger than they appear.', '', '', '', 'The place to be!', "We were present at Nini nightclub on Saturday night and we witnessed a disturbing incident unfolding behind us. One of the club's guards treated a guest in a very disrespectful manner. It was clear that the guest was discriminated against and that power was abused in this situation.\n\nIt was sad to see that the guest could not say anything without risking being kicked out.\nWe heard the guard's claims and accusations that the guest had obviously never made, and it seemed as if the guard had already decided to remove that person regardless of what was said.\n\nWe believe that it is important that such incidents are taken seriously by the club's management, and that they ensure that they have professional and respectful staff. It is crucial that nightclubs like Nini maintain a safe and inclusive atmosphere for all their guests, and we hope that similar situations can be avoided in the future.", "I visited Nini Beach nightclub on Saturday 28/10/2023 and unfortunately the experience was far from satisfactory. Although I had been looking forward to a fun evening, the joy was quickly overshadowed by an unpleasant episode with one of the guards.\n\nThe guard I came into contact with showed a lack of professionalism and respect. I felt discriminated against and power abused in their interaction with me. It was a situation where I didn't dare to speak out, as it seemed that the guard had already decided to throw me out, no matter what I said.\n\nTo make matters worse, the guard made claims and accusations I had never made, and any attempt to explain myself resulted in me being asked to leave the premises. This negative experience ruined my entire evening and I have no plans to visit a nightclub with such low standards and lack of professionalism in the future. It is important that such establishments take responsibility for their employees and ensure a safe and respectful atmosphere for all guests.", 'the club is perfectly fine, but the one waiter who worked there was incredibly good, so it gets 5 stars!', 'Best of all the Irish bars in Amsterdam\nNot that says a lot as most of them are awful\nBest thing is the staff and the beer is ok', 'The Irish atmosphere can be felt in this place.\nThe service is very good.\nIf for the amount of alcohol you drink you need to eat something light, the owner is very tolerant if you bring something bought in another place, like pizza or snacks.\nSecond visit in 6 months, we will come back every time we are in Amsterdam.', 'Lovely atmosphere and as a solo traveller felt safe amd even got talkimg to locals abd other travellers. Lovely Rosie, Joanne and Lee 💋', 'Great music selection and atmosphere, the pub is situated in a nice location close to central station.\n\nWe came here to have some drinks before going to a party in Noord, price was okay but the cocktails we ordered tasted quite similar (very very sweet). However, I would definitely come back for a beer 🍺', 'Lovely vibes!\nThis Pub has that family feeling, excellent customer service the bar staff are Great!\nmade me feel very welcome!\nWill be coming back thank you X', 'Not warm as we could expect from an Irish pub, as doors were maintained open on the streets from both side.\n\nGood atmosphere, could have been even better if one of the barman was more focused on filling our empty glasses, instead of removing it in any occasion.\n\nWe would have appreciated rugby game with live comments... seems obvious.', 'Very funny place. I had been there for beer and shots all of course of Guinness brand. It was so tasty. I would like visit this place again. It was full of people. Staff were very friendly.', 'Overpriced - beer was not pleasant\nPeople smoking in the bar\nStairs to toilets were a death trap.\n\nWasn’t somewhere I’ll be racing back to', 'Great location, friendly staff, comfy seats and good people watching. We had the cheeseburger and cheese chicken sandwich. Not a fan of the cheeseburger. English breakfast looked good, may want to try that next time.', 'Fantastic bar in the heart of Amsterdam, we lived watching the rugby here. The staff were really friendly 😃', "Good atmosphere. Great food. We had nachos and fries between 2 of us, and the beer was excellent too. Staff were very nice and allowed me to charge my phone while I was there. Didn't try the Guiness but the pints I saw looked fine.", "Pleasant wee Irish bar that's in a great location. We got off the tram for the Heineken Experience with some time to kill and this bar was perfect for chilling before our booked time slot. Very reasonable pricing for good sized portions and clean, perfectly chilled draught beer. One of the top 3 comfiest booths I've ever enjoyed a pint in!", 'Cozy atmosphere Irish pub, very nice beers. Yet, the bar next to it open the music quite loud, so you gonna hear 2 different things playing at the same time 😆', 'Staff is lazy. You have to go order inside even  when the bar and terrace are empty. Beer is great. Once they tried scammed us  (i think he just could not count)', 'Decent bar, perfectly located with good friendly service!', "Pint was flat, no atmosphere. Wouldn't return", 'Located in a high-foot traffic area, but right on the canal with seating facing it and the street. The restaurant was busy, so the servers were definitely overwhelmed but did their best to stay on top of things.\n\nThe draft Guinness was delicious and the burger was also good.', 'Awesome! While in Amsterdam we had to sniff out somewhere selling a fry up, this seemed to be the best close place. Came here twice, once for a breakfast and then came back for a Guinness, both were spot on!\n\nAmazing view of the canal too if you eat outside!\n\nWould absolutely return!', 'Wonderful place!! Clean,cozy with friendly and polite staff!! The best Irish coffee i had ever!!!!', "The Aran Irish Pub was such a lovely stop on our trip. We dropped in early for some breakfast and we're blessed with the good weather to eat outside. The terrace is a lovely place with a great atmosphere. I could have stayed and sat watching the boats on the canal all day. Our server was very attentive and served us with a lovely friendly smile. The manager Davide was incredibly helpful, fun and pleasant! Our breakfast was gorgeous and later on in the day I recommend getting the stew, it was very tasty.\nOnly thing I'd say is be careful on the bathroom stairs after a few pints!", "We went there for breakfast this morning and couldn't fault the service, food and drinks. We had full Irish breakfast and it was great. The coffee was tasty and the service was great, staff were friendly and were very welcoming. Would highly recommend", 'Great sunday roast and appel pie! Fantastic atmosphere. I also recomend the full irish breakfast. Best irish pub in amsterdam.', 'Great place for drinks. Great atmosphere and heated terrace. Staff is very attentive and welcoming. Didn’t have any food there so can’t comment on that', 'Friendly service, nice atmosphere. We always visit here when we come to Amsterdam. Good breakfast or evening meal. Sport on TVs but  not intrusive , cracking music on in morning. Lots of seating inside and out.', "Thanks for the Big Beer, the Underberg's and your great Spareribs, next time when i'm in Amsterdam i gonna show up again. You've gotta nice place to relax, typical Kneipenculture- best place 👌", 'Brilliant..great music,friendly staff and excellent drink selsction.indoor smoking area too!', 'Nice place if you are looking for just a drink.  No food is served but they let you bring food in.', 'Great pub in Amsterdam great atmosphere great location for Amsterdam central station.\nFreindly staff.', 'Irish bars are meant to have nice beer and friendly\nStaff.\n\nThis had neither - charging a fortune for horrific tasting beer.\n\nHad to be the worst pint in about ten years.', 'Didn’t have anything to eat but looked very clean.\n\nWell worth a visit\nOnly a 10min walk from Amsterdam central', 'Came here each day I was in Amsterdam this week. Great lil place to sit, drink a beer and watch the world go by. Great music and friendly staff. Thank you 😊', 'Nice enough Irish pub abroad but we went to watch the rugby and it’s not really set up for that. A bit weird watching a World Cup semi final with no sound but with the Back Street Boys or 70s disco classics getting churned out in the background. If you want to watch sport I’d go elsewhere but the Guinness was decent and staff friendly and helpful.', 'Wow. I have been many times in Amsterdam, by far, this is the best place that I ate dinner in!\nThe food was very good and fresh, and tasty of course.\nThe cheesecake is out of this world.\nYou have to try them!', 'We had an 8 pm dinner reservation at a different place and needed a quick drink before hand.  Guinness tasted very fresh.', 'Came in and sat outside around 4pm on a Saturday. It was busy and you seat yourself. The servers were nice and attentive once they noticed you were there. There are several other restaurants nearby with outdoor seating as well so it was a bit loud. Only had some snacks and they arrived hot and tasted great.', 'The food was okay and the stuff was friendly. However a WC was small and smelly. It is located in the basement. I have injured foot and it was difficult for me to get there. A hand dryer was not working.', 'Fish and chips is amazing. Their steak sauce is also amazing. Lots of beer to choose. Not many staffs but they were really taking good care of customers. (When I visited, there was one cute  black cat and he seems like a regular)', 'A wonderful bar with cosy interior and pints of good beer!\nWe tried the steak pie and the sausages, both were great. The portions are very generous too.', 'Highly recommend, I appreciate their fast friendly service , waiter was very helpful and smiling that is important, not even 2 minutes after drinks order they came out. Food was great too , service was excellent! Enjoyed the time I’ve had in old bell restaurant! Thanks', 'I was there last year and the food was delicious, so i decided to visit old bell this year to and it was totally delicious. Big portions, nice staff and lot of local beer ! I tried the steak and it was 10/10. For me the bell is one of the top restaurants in AMS, also with nice staff and location.', 'Simply the best place to go..  Great ambient,  speciale when you travelling a lot. And forget the lounge.. no steak in the lounge.  Nice steak.  Great mushrooms with onion.. small tasty salad.. and great big fries.  And all on a good temperature.  This you hardly find in any airport.   Only one thing.  Just one thing and so important.   Every restaurant that serve knows.  Have a sharp/ original Steak knife.  The meat was not that bad , not really nice tender.  But I would be much better by just giving a real sharp knife . The good thing is.  I did burn some calories, just by cutting it.  And maybe the idea about this all..  needed to get an extra wine.😉 for sure when at schiphol, give it a go.. take your own knife.. cheers', 'Emirates lounge was closed for renovations so came here for an authentic Irish meal.\nBirds Moretti pint beers $7.95 were the best part of the meal.  Fish and Chips $23.50 frozen fish and greasy chips. BLT burger $22.50 was dry, not much bacon and minimal tomatoes.   Prices are in Euro.  Pub was a nice and quiet hideaway down the end of terminal D towards the end at Schipol airport.\nTo be honest probably not the worst you could do at an airport these days but certainly not amazing.', 'The only airport with a real “pub” feel. Staff are friendly and have good banter with the customers.\nFood is good only downside is overpriced but that’s standard for an airport.\nIt’s normally relatively quiet and I would say better than the lounge.', 'Great place to get out of the bustle of the airport. We had breakfast food, the fried egg with bacon on a bap and the fried egg with sausage on a bap. We also tried the bitterballs , which were very good but very hot!\nAlso, the booth areas have charging ports, which was great! Our waitress was very prompt, but never returned with the check. I think it is just how the restaurant works, so we paid up front when we were ready to leave.', 'Beautiful canal outdoor seating area aswell as inside, food top notch and such friendly atmosphere and staff were great crack... live music and all 🇮🇪', "I was really excited to come here for some Irish comfort food. Apparently I looked too far back on reviews because they don't offer a full menu anymore! But no worries, they have a large selection of bar bites you can get to snack on. I got there before the game started so had no trouble finding a small table. Once people started coming in it definitely filled in quickly! I would definitely come here again, just not when I'm hungry for dinner!", 'This Irish pub is just perfect for celebrating St. Pat’s Day, but also to enjoy a Guinness. Was fully packed but totally worth it. Second year celebrating Sain Patricks Day, this time with a live band and good music. Definitely recommend it. 🍀☘️', 'An amazing pub. We really enjoyed the food and beer.', 'I can’t say it was a bad experience. But nothing like “awesome”. Place itself is OK. Pretty clean. Nice stuff. The sleeping space is very well organized. There is light, electric socket (just 1),  good air conditioning. But doors with such a heavy lock that after closing it sounds like the Gates of Hell. But this is Amsterdam, where people party and go home all night long - 2am, 5am. 10 different people in the room. So after all this crazy noise, you will hardly be able to get any good sleep.', "Amazing hostel in the middle of Amsterdam. Everything is in walking distance. The people working there are the most approachable people I've met in Amsterdam. Jalal nicely reminded me that towels are only charged once even though I wished to pay him for a cage of towels.\n\nRemote working is supported with a small area near the entrance, but expect colder weather and some noise. Facilities are very clean, but I used one shower that had poor water pressure. The beds are comfortable, the rooms adequately warm! I'll have this place in mind for my second visit", 'Don’t let the name or location fool you— this is an impressive high quality and organized hostel, not to mention the staff is friendly and they provide excellent service and conversation if you like!\n\nI had two nights booked and ended up extending for 6 nights. The place was cleaned and washed from top to bottom every single day between checkout and check in, the bedding was hotel high quality, and I slept so well each night for the whole week. Earplugs are free, towels provided for a cheap deposit/price, and in the capsule bed there is a socket and night light. The rooms are quiet and lights are motion activated plus AC, so I slept very well. The showers and bathrooms are plentiful and large and kept very clean daily.\n\nPlus the location! You’re in the heart of the beautiful city of Amsterdam and yet you hear nothing of it from the inside of the hostel. Rules and policies are kept in place and all guests have their fun and come here to rest or socialize at the bar if anything— discounted drinks and live music are provided there, as well as a breakfast deal at Spar down the street.\n\nSpecial shout outs to Romina for helping me store my luggage and sharing local Argentinian recommendations and just being all around nice and elegant during busy times, Milan for helping me extend my stay at a great price, and to Peter and David for making me feel welcome from the beginning— and to the guy who was from my same neighborhood back in Miami who helped with storage too.\n\nEveryone and everything was so great at Durty Nelly’s, perhaps the best hostel I’ve ever stayed at. Book this place!!', "Great experience overall!\nThe position is great, central and easily accessible.\nThe whole staff was extremely kind and helpful, the shared room and the bathrooms were really comfortable and clean, especially considering it's an hostel.\n\nThe only thing a bit annoying was the noise coming out of the street, but it's absolutely not a fault of the structure, since it's located in the heart of the city center nightlife. Plus, they give you free earplug for the noise, so they take care of that, too.", 'we were six and ordered 6 different kinds of food. All were just perfect.', "It really wasn't tasty, really ridiculous for that price, ridiculous how bad it was", '', "Such a great atmosphere, live music in the ears while watching a good game of rugby. Drinks slightly more expensive than hoped but I'd happily pay it because of how great the place is.", 'Friendly and fun staff ,the music was live and open meaning my pa got to join in .great stuff.', 'Very very nice. Super cozy atmosphere. The live music was lovely and set the tone as soon as we stepped in. Coming in from the outside it felt like we had set foot into a tavern in a Game.', 'Amazing atmosphere! The Guinness pint there was something close to perfection!', 'Food was absolutely delicious. Staff were attentive and efficient.', "We've been twice and intend to return. Fedor (waiter) was very friendly and attentive to us.", "Step into Euro Bar, where every visit is a dance with delight. Tamas, the bar maestro, serves drinks with such precision and speed, it's a spectacle. The relaxed atmosphere makes it a go-to place. Been here twice in the last 24 hours? That's a winning move!", 'The worst service ever! The staff was fighting among themselves, with the clients and when you asked for something they were incredibly rude. The food never arrived and the drinks were ok. When we asked for the check the woman told us: “I could be faster if I had an extra pair of hands”. I’ll never go back to that place.', 'Great little bar, Newcastle United themed and put the match on when we asked :) Super friendly staff & owners, definitely recommend, even if you’re not a Newcastle fan', "cosy café, nice and friendly service. I took an organic tripel from brouwerij 't IJ. 8% alcohol for €4,50 well, actually €9,- for two bottles as the atmosphere made me drink another one.\nAll in all a nice place where people look at and follow sports on the screens or play darts or have a chat and a laugh in real time in the familiarity atmosphere at the bar or trying one's luck at one of the one armed bandit machines who since long lost their one arm to a button, surely to easier play the game of luck.\nOutside you'll find a terrace and enough tables to seat.", 'Barman was very rude. IPA BEER was served in a soapy glass. He would not change the beer. We left fairly sharpish.', 'Just fine for a little late night drink on the way home.', 'Great bar if looking for fun vibes, great music (that u can actually hear unlike bars around it down the street) and stiff drinks. Best dive bar in town, with cool staff and even a bar mascot. Highly recommend!', 'Great place to have an early beer, warm atmosphere and the owner is super friendly and his beer recommendations are to be trusted! Highly recommend.', 'Amazing vibrant bar, with such lovely staff.. including the cutest dog!!! This place was so great, we made this place our ‘local’ during our stay. Ted (the owner) & Nadia we’re very welcoming & we had great fun with them, during karaoke nights. We didn’t want to leave!!!!\n\nWe will be back soon to see you guys!\nPete & Claire. Now… Mr & Mrs CLARK.', 'The Alibi is always our go to pub for weekday or weekend drinks. Teddy is always good fun and Nadia is a true pro behind the bar. Nala is the main attraction and is always open to a few head scratches.\n\nGreat drinks\nGreat vibe\nGreat people', "Nice place. A lot fancier than many real British pubs but that's fine. They were playing the football and one of the TVs was out of sync which some of the customers were not very happy about. We didn't really mind but we did have to swap places with one of the groups. Most of the customers were also British.", 'This is by far the worst pub I\'ve ever been to in Amsterdam.\n\nDespite visiting Amsterdam several times a year for over a decade, this was the first and last time I\'ll be stepping foot in this pub. The bar man was an absolute bell. Horrible and rude from the minute we walked in. He had an English / cockney accent... and the face of a fermented gherkin.\n\nI ordered half a pint because I was steaming already, and he started going on about how "nobody orders a half, what\'s up with you?"... not in a joking, friendly way, but with a look of anger on his pickled face. He goes on and on and on about it, despite nobody thinking he was funny at all.\n\nAfter spending 5 minutes too long here, I decided to have a pint, in the next pub.\n\nAmsterdam is a beautiful city with some amazing pubs, bars and restaurants, with welcoming, happy staff. This is not one of them, don\'t waste your time here.\n\nAvoid.', 'I went once and it was decent, infact had the cheapest pint I came across while being in Amsterdam.\n\nHowever all 3 days I have tried to visit since they have been shut early, even as early as 6:30pm so u have to give 1 star.', 'Very dissatisfied and one of the worst meals ever. They were out of tartare sauce or even mustard and did not bother to inform us when we ordered fish and chips, very unapologetic later. One of the fish was brown and burnt they replaced it but it had absolutely no seasoning. The strangest was when they refused to bring us Tabasco as it was only for the bar and said no to empty glasses as we had our own water and said we had to buy water from them to get glasses: not the. Best customer service and not a cheap place either', "This is a very nice place in Rotterdam. I have been here before a couple of times. They usually have a free spot and the interior design is fabulous. Love the fact that the waiter kept calling me 'darling'. Felt like being in England.\nI had a very good fish and chips here but I am going to be brutally honest: it is more a Dutch version of the dish. The fish is small (yet enough for a small man like me  flavour is good and sauce is great), they are not garden peas (and they don't do mushy peas), and the chips are Dutch ones (lovely though and seemed fresh and not frozen). Overall probably the best fish and chips you can get around here.\nThe Ginger Beer they serve is not one commonly found at cafés. The taste is really good but maybe not as hot as the label claims.\nVisit this spot, enjoy the food and drinks and you will probably want to come back for more.", "The staff are so nice and they have glühwine !! Even if it's not on the menu😍😍", "What a messed up place. Terrible service. Arrogant and totally useless waiters. No interest in trying to fix what they screwed up. When you don't know who ordered which dish and just throw it on the table. Considering the service and the level of the staff, it was probably a good thing that I didn't get the food and taste it. Stay away if you want something called service.", 'It was fantastic! People, workers, food… so amazing. Thank you all very much. It’s our favorite restaurant in Rotterdam. Enjoy!!!', 'Brilliant for watching football and rugby!\n\nFood was adequate and beer very nice!\n\nGood atmosphere', 'A bit male majority type of atmosphere. of course if you are there to watch a match and get some drinks at the same time, it’s a great cozy spot. Don’t forget to try their nachos to go with!', 'Friendly and welcoming service. We really enjoyed the mixed meat nachos accompanied with several beers on the terrace while watching the world go by. The beer tasted fresh and crisp too.', 'Great food, maybe A BIT expensive but worth buying, especially due to wonderful vibe of the place. In my opinion it’s the best place to watch f1 in rotterdam outside your home', 'Great staff Great beer 🍺 👍', 'Great ambient. Good beverages. Nice people.', 'Simple bar provides all that you need from a locals bar.', "Great place, great atmosphere, super service, doesn't get much better", 'This legendary café serves a great selection of beers and some wine as well as snacks. The owners are absolutely charming and friendly. A perfect way to spend a couple of hours enjoying the stunning view of the river and the Willemsbrug (the iconic red bridge)', 'Really good home bar!  Beer costs less than in the city', 'Not bad place, the view is pretty and there are not many places around that area. However, is a very Dutch place, sort of old-grumpy. Okay for a short pit-stop or if you are around and you wish to rest.', 'It happened to be there on a warm, sunny morning, so this excellent place with that beautiful view, reminded me the nice time I had back in my home country Greece...', 'Great music. Good beers and wines. Nice and friendly staff and atmosphere. Great live music.', 'Nice, cozy place to have a pleasant weekend!\nThe voice of the singer is such a blessing to the ears😍', 'Was here a few times. And definitely will go again! Very big choice of beers and tasty snacks. Usually they have enough different types of draft beer. But if you will not find draft beer that you like, waiter will give you big book with all kinds of beer in bottle. Jazz bands are just amazing every time! Atmosphere is awesome! Definitely worth to visit!', 'Excellent Jazz Music from Dano Roelvink... Great night...and large variety of beers', "Great beer, brewed onsite. The pub is in the style of an English pub. It's certainly 110%!", '#zeroregrets on the nachos and beer!  Some things are worth every last calorie 😜\n***\nUpdate after eating more of the Fiddler’s nachos: I think they must have the best nachos in all of Europe!! 🤗😋', "Lovely Irish/English themed bar, good selection of beer and cider, very nice seating area outside too. Food I don't really recommend, had better burgers and fish n chips in my life (tasted fast foodish, like it was done from frozen products), but good place for drinks/party.", 'Nice pub, with different beers, snacks and what more important sports games in live format. As dutch are not big fans of ice hockey we were pleased to find a place to watch a live game. The atmosphere here and surroundings are also very nice. Food is okay, so you can order something here to eat with no worries.', 'We had a reservation for dinner through the website, but when we arrived there was plenty of room so we opted for a bar high top table for the pub vibe with the football match playing. A few loud patrons singing, but hey it’s a pub, so to be expected. The bar-woman was great, very attentive, and the food was very good. Separately, I would rate the food 4/5, but all factors considered, the pub was a 5/5.', 'Very cool pub with great music and nice atmosphere, great for spending the evening for some drinks or pub food. The beer selection is quite vast as well as the choices for food. I absolutely suggest the sweet potato fries with parmesan on top, really delicious. The staff was also super friendly, despite the large amount of customers  to be served, and they helped us choosing a whiskey since we are not experts at all. It would help to have a whiskey menu though!', "Amazing place! Great entourage, fantastic service, the food is... oh my gosh I don't even have words... God Bless the chefs, brilliant music. We had the best night. Definately coming back!", 'One of the best places in town!  Best slow cook ribs I’ve ever had, the meat quite literally fall of the bones. Drinks are amazing with very good pricing. Highly recommend for a date night, or just having a few pints with the friends!', 'Top irish pub', 'Nice pub to go out.', 'Cozy and above all a very hospitable pub', 'Always fun there ... a lot of choice from various types of beer. Was great again there really nice place for Friday afternoon drinks.', 'Really like this place very friendly and welcoming. I enjoyed the background music.\nThere is a good choice of beers in various strengths and prices', 'Great food, drinks and atmosphere.  Rachelle the bartender is the best and Alan the owner is often there to great you personally.  Wonderful place to eat or just enjoy some drinks with friends. Great for English and Dutch speakers.', 'Proper English pub with pints, English grub and easy parking in streets nearby. Great music, great team, great beer and great food. Thoroughly recommend for expats and locals alike', 'Nice English pub in old rijswijk. Good atmosphere,excellent choice of sales,beers and cider. Typical pub food pies,fish and chips and grills. Good value', 'Very nice and cozy sports bar. They play the important games and the bartenders are attentive and friendly.', 'This is a great bar, staff, music, style. Suits me.', 'Awesome bar, great music, friendly staff and locals. Wide range of beers and good prices as well. When in The Hague visit Ned Kelly’s, few bars are authentic like this one!', 'Great service, feels like coming home to your second family', 'I love the food really so good  thanks to Debora and the chief everything was lovely', 'Great atmosphere and super friendly folks! Reminds me of the place “where everybody knows your name”!❤️ And that Korean chicken was just like in Seoul!', 'Fantastic local bar that welcomes both locals and expat brits longing for an authentic UK pub. Friendly staff, good food and a well stocked bar. What else can you ask for?', 'Very friendly, warm staff.\nThey have a fun trivia night every now and then too.\nI love the steak and onion pie.', 'Always nice to go bowling, but the place is suffering from ?insufficient? staff. No one (and no signage) for registering, no menus out, was served spoiled guacamole, and then our game was shut down at 53 minutes instead of 55 minutes (and even though there was no one after us).', "Went for drinks and pool but we left early because of the horrible and unfriendly service. The pool table is expensive which I wouldn't complain about if I actually received what I payed for. It was €17.50 for an hour but we got kicked away from the table after 40 minutes and the member of staff had the audacity to say we were over time, to stop directly and leave the stuff on the table for the next customers. I don't mind paying alot but at a bare minimum you should get what you pay for and be treated politely by the staff. We left straight away to have drinks somewhere else", 'I went there many times already. The place, atmosphere, food and service overall great. It is a suitable option for a birthday party ( bowling, arcade, karaoke, pool) or for just going out and have dinner.', "We had a lovely night out going bowling and then enjoying dinner at the restaurant! The bowling alley was quite nice, albeit a bit small if there's 2 bigger groups at the same boot. Dinner was delicious and staff was friendly and able to take our dietary wishes into account - thank you so much!! The only downside of our experience was that the sauces for fries were quite empty, the garlic bread was not that garlic-y & we had to ask for cutlery and napkins with our food.\n\nAll in all we definitely recommend going here!! And if you're not a fan of bowling, there's plenty of other activities to enjoy while there :)\n\nWe ordered chef's dessert, strawberry milkshake (nice taste, creamy), tequila shots (with lime & salt), ice tea, beer, white wine, spare ribs (very juicy and tasty), chicken burger, beef tenderloin (nicely rare/medium).", 'Nice', "Amazing oldies music, relatively cheap priced drinks (for city centre standards) and super close to the train station. There's also a pool table and some games you can play. Highly recommend!", "Paddy's from Always Sunny. We went to LA to see it because our son was a fan. He did a kick flip off the curb. It was pretty cool but he ended up twisting his ankle with the skateboard we got at a shop at Santa Monica beach shop (where the kids think they saw James Franco).\n\nThis is all irrelevant to the pub but you can tell the story to the bartender because the odds are you will have opulent opportunities.", "At the time of posting Jim's has been open for 6 months. Here we have a young entrepreneur who wants to do something a little different in the Hague. If your British give Jim your support,  If you are any other nationality give them your support and enjoy a good beer and company", 'If you know the right days of the week, this place is always packed with students and a great time. Drinks are relatively cheap, bartenders are excellent, and has a really fun atmosphere. Hands down, favorite pub in the hague.', 'Great neighborhood hangout with a super friendly and charming owner who made some off-menu cocktails for my wife and I. Will certainly go back when in The Hague.', 'Very nice Bar with such an amazing host. Marshall Was very open minded and taught us a lot about the living in scheveningen. Billard Was free to use also. But the most important thing - the beer was delicious.', 'Super service and great atmosphere, great place to enjoy some nice beers!', 'Great atmosphere in this small but beautiful bar. Barkeeper Marshall was very openminded and spreads a lot of fun and good vibes. 100/100 coming back here!', 'Unfortunately, I did not like the service. There was no waiter outside nor did anyone came to take our order. This is very unfortunate. A missed opportunity. The atmosphere is also a bit old and outside there were many cars passing by, this results in an environment where you cannot have a good conversation.', 'Love this place. Reminds me of home a little as inside it feels like a london pub.  Owners are lovely too.', "I actually don't know why it's called American Bar. It's absolutely not American.", 'Excellent service and good prices for the zone.', 'I have come here a couple of times for drinks and beer! They have very nice cocktails: Dark and Stormy was very good! The beers are not compatible with every taste. Some of them have very special strong flavour and they are difficult to drink.The atmosphere of the bar is very beautiful and the service is good!', 'Very nicely decorated establishment in the Zeeheldenbuurt in The Hague. Good food, some Asian fusion influence. Tasty beers as well. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Being able to enjoy the sunny weather on the terrace was a bonus!', 'We were looking for a decent place to eat, which is not in the city center and where you can sit, talk and have a good meal.\nVan Kingsbergen is definitely a recommendation. Our meal “steak bavette” was perfectly cooked, everything tasted very very good and the staff was lovely. Definetly a place which you shouldn’t miss in the Hague', "The place is very beautiful and cozy, and it's also nice to sit at the tables outside during winter thanks to the heaters. The selection of food and beers is interesting. Only downside is that it's a bit pricey, especially if you just want to have snacks with your drinks that are nothing special. Anyway it's worth a try!", 'Awesome adventure!', 'Such a cool location where locals meet to drink and catch up!!', 'Top!!!!', 'A nice little Bar.ĺ', 'Make sure you bring cash as they force you to pay to use the toilet on every visit. Which is absolutely unheard of if your already in the venue spending money. Toilets are not clean and unjustified', 'First of all, I would mention that food here is great. We had special surprise offer for 2 persons and it was very nice, tasty, different dishes of meat and sea food with great taste combinations. Liked it a lot, but had to wait for food to long, also, final price for dishes was misunderstood by use, so surprise was not only dishes. After all nice evening.', "I have heard that Millers apparently is a nice club/bar to visit, though I did not have the pleasure to visit because of an unjust situation.\n\nFor the fact, I, a male potential customer, had a fanny pack on me, I was not allowed to enter the establishment. When pointing out the fact that female customers had similar sized handbags and I even went as far as to offer my own bag be checked before entering, I was still not allowed to. I was in a group to celebrate a friend's birthday, they did not allow me entry because of a fanny pack, with a similar size to other customers' handbags.\n\nI believe the establishment to generally be of good quality and atmosphere, although it is hearsay, nevertheless I will probably avoid it altogether since whenever I am going out I have my fanny pack on me, hence I personally cannot recommend the club/bar to anyone due to my unpleasant and sexist experience with it.", "If you're looking for clubbing then this is the wrong place. The bodyguards are sexist and i've seen them violent. They also make people pay 8.90€ for tap water after already spending a lot of money (that's more than a beer). I saw on a few occasions how the security would be physically violent to people who didn't showed any aggression. (Me not included) Also there are girls walking in with giant bags and as soon as you are male and have a little bag they won't let you in and will be really rude about it. One time it was okay to let a girl in with my bag just because she was carrying it after being told i can't get inside. Other times they would just make up completely different rules after looking at you.\nThe security is overall rude, violent and sexist.\nThe worst clubbing experiences i had so far were there.\nDon't recommend clubbing. I don't have any information about the food.", 'Friendly service, good food, and great atmosphere with comfortable seating. Went here twice in one short visit to The Hague. Only downside is less people watching compared to some of the cafes in this area', 'I adore this place! Patient and attentive staff, with an extensive selection of beers on draft and in bottles and cans. Delicious fries and bitter balls, with many choices for lunch and dinner. Best of all, the beer garden out back where you can pass the hours among the birds and trees. And beer.', "Super cosy and friendly place!  Good food, good beers, nice music, what else do you need?\nEdit: It's always a pleasure to return here", 'Pretty cool place. Food is tasty and there’s a reasonable variety of beers to drink. Music is not too loud, so it’s very quite and calm to chat and enjoy your meal, drink, and foremost, the company.\n\nService is very good as well. I regret not to have visited the restaurant earlier. I crossed in front so many time and finally decide to give it a try. It didn’t disappoint.', "Great drink and chatty barmaid. The moment I walked through the doors it felt like I was back in an Irish or British pub. If you desire a drink that isn't Lager, this is the place to go.", 'Great little pub. Guinness is good for the soul and Lucy is a lovely server. Thank you.\n\nA pub can be filled with joy and the pub welcomes lots of happy people from all over the world having a good craik. Sometimes they open the door for sadness to spend some time reflecting, talking, have a pint and a cry. Today was one of those days. Tomorrow will be better.', 'Unfortunately did not have a kitchen so we could only get drinks. They were really nice and switched channels so we could watch F1!', 'Great place to grab a drink. Be aware, no food but you can get your own. Get Guinness and Guinness IPA. I would recommend it for football games. Also has English commentary.', 'Delicious Irish and British products of the best quality.', '', 'If I were a student, I would be there every eve. They have a great beer list and the kitchen does a great job too. The differentiator is the staff - super friendly, accommodating, and never miss a beat even when it is packed. Thanks all! We will always visit you when in Utrecht.', "Ambience is just missing something to be comparable to a real Irish pub and the staff is friendly but the most important part is the food and as the burguer paddy was the worst I've ever had gotta give this a 2/5. The French fries are great though.", 'Very nice cozy place for a good beer, good burger.. and of course very good service from Simon … we will be back .. triple karmeliet!!', 'Amazing bar, we had a great night with Mr. Balls pub quiz, we will definitely visit again. Prices are very decent and the staff friendly.', "it's not open till 3am", 'Just for private events', 'Great beer!', 'I was invited as a singer to perform in the cafe Joost during the birthday. Had to tinker with the sound beforehand, but Paul (bartender) managed to get it done technically and almost literally went off the roof afterwards! What a great cozy pub to perform here; recommended!', "Very friendly staff, good beer and tasty large portions of food. We ordered The Irishman and Pork's Revenge, which was too much for two person. Super great taste!", "I love pubs, I love Guinness, so what's there not to like. Last time it felt a bit like there was no air, but we went in anyway. :-) If it was open an hour longer, that would have been perfect!", "Very quiet for a Saturday evening, watched the rugby so it wasn't all bad.\nChicken wings are good, hot sauce seriously spicy", 'The place is nice, beer good and the food excellent  but the service destroyed it all for us.', 'nice pub although in the weekends it gets super crowded and you may struggle to find somewhere to sit. Nice vibe with friendly staff and you can play table football for 50 cents per match and pool for 1€ per match. Music is good usually and there are decent drinks and shots available. Only issue is that drinks are overpriced, as is usual for bars in Maastricht. Still, a lovely pub definitely worth visiting in a less busy day', "Great bar. Fair prices and a very lovely bartender. The wheel of fortune is a great idea and the fact that it's only 1 euro to spin it is amazing. I spun it and had to go and collect all the glasses in the bar, in return the bartender gave me a shot of Jager. Very fun", 'You cannot deny the free spirited Irish of maastricht that is shamrock as an expat it reminds me of home you know goofy pool table and a slack of darts, bartender is always accommodating and on point, also with a sense of humor a must in every Irish bar', "Didn't try the food.\nBut great staff, decent beer.\nWorth a visit.\n😎👍", "We had various types of unique beers (such as peanut butter beer and chocolate beer) here and an amazing selection of bar food. Thank you so much for the advice on how to choose our beers and even putting some in the fridge especially for us. It was an amazing evening and we're looking forward to return on our next visit to Maastricht!", 'Great pub, great food and great guiness.\nLove the music and the people.\nIts a great place to meet with friends to have a meal or a snack and definitly a drink.\nAlways a good conversation or watch a game.\nWill be back soon!', 'This place is the BEST Irish pub in town! They have an incredible selection of goooood beers and have great music. I highly recommend spending some time here!!', 'Awesome sports bar!  I wanted to watch The Masters golf tournament and found this place. Staff is amazing. Beer selection is best in Maastricht. They had a great Spotify playlist and best of all they introduced me to Danny Vera!   Will definitely return next time I’m in town.', 'Genius place for students and people like me who want to feel student again for a night 😅', '13 € = #10 stamp card: beer for inwstamp and long drink for two stamps, recommande it!', 'My friend took me to this place on the last night of my visit to Maastricht.  The students who come here are loud, obnoxious and too drunk to realize the beer they are being served is stale. When we left after 20 min.,  one of the drunken %&&$**@  standing outside threw a glass bottle at a pedestrian across the street. Outrageous! Luckily he missed. Stay away from this place!', "It's mostly crowded and the drinks quite expensive.", 'Great staff and cheap drinks. A friendly place where you feel included and welcomed at any time. Look out for the events they organize! 💜', "First time at this very open and inclusive place. Great diversity of genders. It's not another gay bar! Coc vibe  and The crew are volunteering and so the energy are very easy going, fun and happy. Highly recommend this place! John the boss also know as delicious offer bingo night:)", "Best Bar I have ever been to in my life. The whole stuff was super friendly and made me feel super comfortable. Pieter, Roel and Mellany are awesome people, will definitly come back after covid. Sorry Wesley for pussying out, I'll see you again!", "Everyone is so fun and welcoming! Can't wait to go back", 'Love this place… Often stay in Eindhoven for work and visit this place when in town.  Friendly staff and a great ambience, often rammed inside (which is a good sign) but have decent outside seating too…  Good selection of beer, they had Duvel 666 on tap which is my current favourite!', "Nice little bar. Has an amazing atmosphere with nice bartenders. It really is a tiny bar so you will be slightly cramped but it's still a good time", 'One of the oldest in Eindhoven. One can sit outside or inside there are seats around the counter. Different options for drink based on your choice. One of the place where I have visited several times with colleagues and friends.\n\nThis is right opposite to Vapiano, near to the church. A friendly host and a good selection of drinks. Many locals visit this place. Casual atmosphere with a small screen to watch the sport or listen to good selections of background music.', 'Great little bar. Sat outside and watched the world go by. Chip place next door and they are happy got you to eat your takeaway there.', 'Very good service. Especially the popcorn and tea! Nice boss!', 'Best hostess in town… Estée is just lovely..', 'Very cosy home. Definitely a recommendation! ;)', 'Destiny was here', 'Accidentally walked passed this place on the first day of our week long business trip and ended up coming for at least one drink every night. The bar keepers were very friendly and helped me discover my new found love for sour beers. With a selection of over 800 beers everyone can find something they like and if not, just ask the bar keepers for help and they will help you find something delicious 🙌🏽 a must visit in Eindhoven. Gezelligheid!', "What a bar, over 950 different beers!!!!! (I bet the date checking and stock rotation takes some time)\nExtremely knowledgeable bar staff.\nThey even have collabed beers with the local brewery. Had an IPA infused with Jameson's\nQuirky toilets too", 'Amazing beers selection, also locally crafted. Great atmosphere and also great and friendly stuff.', "I don't drink but they had a great selection of non alcohol beer! Great little stop!", 'I organized a dinner for a group of ~30 colleagues. The pricing was very reasonable, and we received the food very quickly. The food was fine, the service was fine, the atmosphere was comfortable. Definitely recommend this place for an informal group dinner. The only feedback I would have is that if they had asked if we wanted to drink something more often, we probably would have bought more drinks.', 'service was good but the food was very lacking.\n\nKorean fried chicken were some frozen nuggets with a sauce splattered over it. there was no kimchi  on it.\n\nthe burger patty was burnt.\n\nmaybe it was because it was super busy but consistency is very important nonetheless.\n\nfriendly staff though and a good place for drinking.', 'A great place to stop in to eat and drink and relax. The restaurant has a  good vibe and very close to the Cathedral', "Really nice place and close to the center - Cathédrale. I also like how quick were the waiters/ waitresses to bring our drinks as well as   snacks. Personally, I found the process quite affordable. We ordered nachos and French fries (with truffle sause/ super delicious).\nHowever I didn't appreciate at all the  smell of toilet/ something like toilet that I couldn't understand where it comes from (not from their own toilets because I had used them and they were very clean and not smelly) but unfortunately that's a reason why I wouldn't go back this place again. Hope this problem could be solved soon.", 'Chicken teriyaki sandwich and philly cheese steak sandwich. Absolutely the best chicken sandwich ever! The Philly was also really good but shadowed by the teriyaki chicken. Highly recommend!', "Great cafe in the middle of Eindhoven with outside and inside seating.  The waiters we're flying through the cafe and very good at their service.  We didn't wait long at all for our food.  We got burgers and a Philly cheese steak sandwich which were all amazing!  Really good tasting food and a nice variety of beers.  Very big and comfortable tables to sit in and it could accommodate children too.  The bathrooms were in pristine condition!  This is definitely the first place I will go to when I visit Eindhoven again!", "A bit noisy place because of full house but really lekker food. Strongly recommend 🤗\n\nOnly negative: there was  no soap in the woman toilet and after inform the staff (and waited 30 minutes) there was still no soap. They should check better the woman's toilet.", 'I went for a Coke. It was great weather. Did not expect to find a table on the terrace thus went straight inside and asked for one. Unfortunately I was not welcome due to "insufficient personnel". Coming outside the first table on the left was free and thus I could have my Coke.', "Bobby's is simply amazing. Best place in Eindhoven for when you want to have an amazing date.\n\nThe cocktails are designed by the crew and change every season. Moreover, the cocktails are delicious. There is something for everyone from sweet and tropical to bitter and herbal.\n\nWe had the Save the Panda, Chasing Summer, I like it Plum and Black Orchid. They were all delicious but Save the Panda was absolutely mind-blowing because it tastes exactly like Spekkoek.\n\nThe atmosphere is really cool too. If you come regularly you could watch the wax towers grow.\n\nAlso, the crew is lovely and very knowledgeable. Always willing to help you get the right drink and to answer any questions.\n\nIt is a little bit more pricey but you do get a unique experience in return.\n\nAll in all, go to Bobby's", 'Probably best cocktails in town.\nA lot of options and excellent service in guiding you to understand what you want!\n\nThey nailed it for me! Passionate margherita!', 'Very bad customer service. We were with a group of three. One of our friends is participating in ramadan and didn’t want to drink. However they have a one drink policy which is such a shame. She felt so uncomfortable that she just decided to leave. After she left they asked us to move to a smaller table. However we are both large guys and the tables are extremely small. Moving to a smaller table wasn’t necessary because it wasn’t busy at all. Would definitely not recommend. Will never be coming here again.', 'Great atmosphere, delicious cocktails. The staff member who served us was very knowledgeable and extremely friendly. Hope to see you in the Black Cat at some point 😉', 'Nice little university cafe. It can become a bit crowded with students but still, it has a nice atmosphere to mingle with colleagues. It offers a good selection of beers, snacks and good meals with reasonable student prices.', 'Nice student bar, offers food aswell and has studentstaff looking out that folk don’t get too drunk. Can be loud at times and obnoxious when the associations have their little screaming stick stomping rituals, but otherwise a nice place to hang out with friends after a long day of uni.\n\nBig fan of the elevated tables that make things a bit more private in such a busy room.\n\nCan be difficult to get inside passed a certain hour because of the way the building is structured.', "Very cosy and friendly place to sit down and relax with friends. A college bar in the sense that 95% of people there are 18-25, but much more cosy than usual student life. Effectively a living room that's open to the public", 'Payed a whole 5€ for very little fries and not enough sauce, get about half of what you can expect at stratum definetly do not recommend', 'Great Craic plenty of friendly people to have a chat with good beer and Brilliant service and the Irish lads that work there are fun to speak to', 'Great Place to have a good beer!', "Pretty small but cosy place with friendly and and easy going staff. The only bad thing would be the stairs to their bathroom, which are narrow and steep. Plus, unfortunately for me, I got stuck in the bathroom and spent some tome in there since there was no way to communicate with people downstairs. Overall chill bar that's not too expensive.", 'Ireland in Groningen since at least 25 years. Best preserved real Irish pub life, probably not even to be found anymore in Ireland itself.', 'Would highly recommend paying a visit. Great music, even better food.  So glad I popped in.  Good reviews helped me out on this one.  You won’t be disappointed', "A nice Irish bar with a good selection of beer. Often playing live sports on the big screen. While we didn't eat there, the burgers looked amazing and were very popular with other customers.", "Tasty burger, tasty fries but i thought beers it'll be “cold as my ex girlfriend heart” but it wasn't. Warm la chouffe beer is awful", 'Curly fries and chicken amazing. Nachos fine, but not as good as the other two. The regular fries are basic but very very good and perfectly crusty. The waiter was nice and suggested good local beers. Interior and music gives the perfect vibe. On a monday evening it was not busy, so thats good :)', 'excellent bar, nice atmosphere, super drinks and we are lucky that Monday watch the live jazz band with the Greek musicians', "Was drawn in by the funny signs. I stayed for the music and the fun strangers I met. They played classic rock all evening, which is refreshing for a Dutch place. Usually you hear only jazz or top100. The American bartender was really friendly too. Their beer selection isn't very big, but the place is cozy and fun.", "Lovely place, cozy interior, great selection of beers, order a Marie's cocktail if you go, highly recommend! Music is super chili, not too loud and you can talk and the girls like to get everyone dancing when it get busy. In general, great crowd. If you are in Groningen make sure to stop by", "The music is great (classic rock and blues) also the live is very good. The service is friendly, they even offered me some snacks with the beer (which I wouldn't mention otherwise because that's the typical but not in Netherlands as i have discovered so far🙄😂).\n\nThe one star is missing because they have putted little effort to the menu... No prices and sizes for the beer which is something frustrating...", 'Great live music sessions on Saturday nights. Awesome atmosphere, and as a bonus, there is quite nice smoker-friendly terrace with heating lamps.', 'The big Grölsch flip-top bottles are the BEST value! Not too many places to drink a beer AND enjoy 🌲🌳🌴 around Groningen...this place had great music and super chill vibe.', 'Very friendly place, roll inside with a good beer, smoke outside in good company !', 'Nice and friendly place. Great live music jam, session on Sunday.', 'Excellent bar in Groningen. Staff are always very friendly and delicious selection of cocktails at an affordable price. Easy drinks spot.', 'Neat bar, very nice service, relatively good Cocktails, but the whisky sour was unfortunately a bit watered down. I think it is due to not using solid ice cubes for shaking and serving, but hollow ones.', "Highly recommended, surprised it wasn't fully packed. Steak alway gorgeous, taco always freshly made, cocktails as they should be - read strong 😄", 'Great restaurant with our wonderful waitress Beatrice! Very organized and fast! I recommend to go here 10/10!', 'Nice atmosphere, friendly service, only the vegetable was old and didn’t taste fresh.', 'Very disappointed. Guy working at bar kept slamming cupboards etc every few minutes which gave a fright each time. Ordered entrecôte but received a different cut and because we were waiting a while and hungry i didn’t want to complain and have to wait even longer to eat….  The lobster is chewy and not easy to eat or even scoop out without some of it flying off the plate.', 'Bad experience. Chips cold on 3/4 plates in our group, chicken undercooked, steak asked medium and got well done and cold.\nWas also expensive for what we got.\nWould not recommend here for food. Drinks maybe only.', 'The food was amazing and the atmosphere really friendly and cozy. The bartender and rest of the staff were really really nice, I would definitely recommend! We went during the week so it wasn’t crowded but I suspect it could get a little more wild later in the evening so you might want to take this into account', 'Huge prices, tiny portions. Food was oily and tasteless. No cold drinks on a hot day, only the bottled soft drinks that you can get in any supermarket. Bread pudding was not the real deal, just some sweet stuff between sliced bread. Disappointing menu.\n\nService basically nonexistent compared to other restaurants of the same price range. Waiter even looked disgusted when I requested to have my coffee with whipped cream (common in some parts of the world). Felt discriminated. Commented on the portion sizes to the waitress, only replied nonchalantly that they were different dishes.\n\nAll the while pretentious music was playing in the background. What a shame on the beautiful building. One can easily get a better experience for half the price still within the city center.', 'This restaurant is spacious and has a good crew of servers. The food is fresh and well prepared. Our group ate from a fixed menu of a choice of beef, fish or quiche. The tomato basil soup was the starter and dessert was a raspberry meringue.\n\nThe restaurant lets itself down with slow service. It took over an hour for the entree. Total time start to dessert was three hours.', 'Nice location, food portions were extremely different from each other. And was also quite bland. Service was bad.\n\nAlso cost way too much', 'Went here with my husband. We had the steak. It was delicious. It was smoked and large. There were roasted vegetables on the side.', 'The amount of craft beers (400+) available in this café is just insane and definitely worth a visit if you are into (craft) beer.', "It's my favourite cafe in the city: stuff is professional and extra nice, there is long list of beers, ciders and whisky. Whatever you gonna choose it's good and tasty. Plenty beers from small breweries. You can buy there pub t-shirt and beer glass. In busy days might be good idea to reserv the table.", "We did a random 3-beer menu and it was fun to taste beers that I've never had before! They told us something about all of the beers. The staff was super friendly, a big recommendation!", 'Great pub with 100ths of different beers from The Netherlands,  Belgium and other countries.  Quick service.  Somewhat loud noise level from the guests.', 'Vegan croissant heaven. Super delicious, crispy, „buttery“ croissant. The Rawnola Bowl with coconut yoghurt was really good too. Fresh fruit and crunchy Rawnola. Oat milk is the regular milk here and you have to pay extra for cow’s milk! That’s how it should be at any place. Love this concept. They also have two different vegan sweet breakfast bowls, two or three savory paninis or sandwiches and a vegan banana bread. Coffee is really delicious. Lovely place!!!', 'The service was great! Hannah was so lovely helping us decide and served us swiftly and quickly. I had the carrot cake (which is to die for) and a dirty chai with oat milk.\nWill definitely be coming back here very soon!', 'Nice place to have a cup of coffee and study. The staff was respectful and friendly. The cafe has plenty of seating. The cappuccino was not as expected—overall great place to visit.', 'A great place to study. Lots of space, both downstairs and upstairs. Hannah, our waitress, was very attentive and gave us great recommendations! I would recommend the dirty chai. Thank you Hannah! ☀️', 'The food is great, the atmosphere is really cool. The pizza is tasty but you can’t come here without trying THE PITA!', 'Been here a few times now and every time I really liked it. They have lots of drinks to choose from (my favourite is whatever the bartender recommends that night), some vegan food options and the staff is nice. There’s a lil cabinet with games to play in case you need some more entertainment.\nPet friendly as well, I’ve made friends with a dog or two here!', 'This place is wonderful for an hour of chilling, the drinks are good, music is okay and the chairs are comfortable. It is a recommended place to visit. I did not try there food, but I think they have some food to offer. They even have a terrace for them which is good.', 'Love this place! Staff is very friendly and the overall vibe is very chill and laid back. Went here for the hangover brunch, the buffet is amazing, from sweet to savoury. They even provide vitamin C tablets. Had a lovely time here!', 'Staff were super friendly. Food was a reasonable price and quality, I enjoyed my meal. The frites were cooked perfectly.', 'Great food - easy ordering! Perfect!', "An excellent, cozy, not overpriced restaurant to grab borrel after visiting the market. They have a few vegetarian options and some average beers on tap. It's usually crowded so service can be slow, and the tables are really packed in so be prepared to get friendly with your neighbor. But everyone does seem to be friendly and cheerful here! Plus there's occasionally a charming pianist who adds even more to the old world atmosphere of the place.", 'Very delicious and tasteful fish 😃 the staff is very kind and friendly ☺ we definately come back!', 'Absolutely fabulous dining experience! Everything is authentically made from scratch, and you can tell that the people making your food care. It’s a very American experience that you will truly enjoy with family and friends!', 'Found 2 seperate hairs in our food, when we arrived and sat down, she told us the kitchen was closed WHILE we were ordering, had to get food from the neighbouring restaurant, service was pretty unenthusiastic and the atmosphere was dead. Also stinky toilets', 'I came here early on a Saturday afternoon and enjoyed a session IPA and a breakfast sandwich (called a Breakfast Bun). The staff were very friendly and the environment was cozy, laid back, and rustic. The food was great and it was just what I was looking for. It had cheesy scrambled eggs, bacon, avocado, and a beef patty on a brioche bun. There was also a nice selection of hot sauces to try out. I’ll be definitely returning here to try out their other food. Recommend! 👍\n\nUpdate: They have a great beer selection here. I found Green Flash’s West Coast IPA here, which I haven’t seen in Europe for a few years.\n\nUpdate 2.0: I’m here all the time. The burgers, tacos, and chicken are the best in the city. Danny knows what’s up. Come hangggg!!!', 'Had lunch here on Saturday. Excellent selection of melts as well as some other great food options. You can have a beer here as well, pretty broad selection. Ask for hot sauce if you like it spicy.', 'Great cafe to play games and drink (craft) beer. Excellent service and recommendations when time allows. Be aware: one table, one bill', 'Good bar and great experience had a lot of fun!', 'Excellent venue. Staff was very knowledgeable about the beer available and I liked the vibe here.', 'Another great local pub. The bar tender was friendly and very helpful. We had a great chat and enjoyed some of the local beers. The pub was fairly chilled at 01h15 when we popped in for a quick night cap.\nWill definitely visit again when back in Tilburg', 'The brownie cake piece was big!\nFriendly service.', 'We met up with friends and went there a few times. The service was lovely. Our server was super nice and funny. The food is amazing. Highly recommend', 'IT WAS SO BADDDD!!!  Waited 1h 30m for our food just for it to be cold and have hair in the fries. When we told the employee she told us to take it and continue eating it. Then with her dirty she pullled out the hair and said "Enjoy". We also paid in cash and she didnt return the change which was about 20 euros. Would never step here again. BE CAREFUL!', 'Really huge bar and restaurant in the heart of Tilburg. The food is ok, good selection of beers - we really liked the Anvers Blonde. Heated outside terrace.', 'Great vibe, beer, and bar food from the afternoon to around midnight. The bitterballen are great!', '500 sorts of beer and special glass for most of them! Nice atmosphere! Mention that almost no food, but some good snacks (cheese balls) are very good. Note, that Vasily Vasilievich Kandinsky is Russian painter, "father" of abstractionism, born in Moscow 1866 and died in France 1944. (Some locals think he was polish musician...ops.)', 'Wonderful atmosphere and amazing selection of beer! If you need to quench your thirst while in Tilburg, go here!', 'Large choice of national and international beer. Cosy atmosphere. Reservation recommended.', 'No guiness mutphys clouey dunp dirty dark staff very of hauey need i go on', 'Local bar. Prices may differ if you are nicely drunk. One day, while paying 11 Euros for the same alcohol, it costs 2. We paid 13 Euros for the same alcohol every day.', 'Cozy pub with friendly staff, very quiet for a Friday evening.', "Reasonable pub. Apart from the decoration, it cannot be called very Irish; (younger) staff are skilled at tapping whistles but have no idea about Irish/English specialities. Visited several times but always a little disappointed, once in a while even left because the bar staff behaved disinterested and rude.\n\nA plus: a good local cafe for going out because the opening hours are very long on weekends. However, the name 'Irish Pub' raises expectations that are not met.", 'Best place in Almere Buiten. Waiters are the nicest. They all attend us in English. Salads are delicious, both salmon and/or nuts. The hamburger highly recommended too.\nThe kitchen is the latest at Almere.', 'Good atmosphere and friendly staff. Will come back.', 'Really nice place costs not too excessive, lovely outdoor spot in almere buiten centre, very personable waiting staff and service In general was very friendly and good', 'Nice tasty wel prepared food (I had salmon baked on the skin which was nice and crisp and the salmon was nice and juicey.) Friendly and helpful crew. For a fair price.', 'Ordered slow-cooked duck, steak and pork skewer plus some beer. The dishes were nice but were a bit too salty for us. Nice place to grab a quick drink & bite.', 'The owner is nice and the food is good. Great price to quality ratio. The menu is only in Dutch however.', 'Friendly staff, wonderful ambiance. Excellent food. Even better drinks', 'Really nice place, nice drinks and really nice staff! I do recommend.', 'Simply a place I would definitely come back for drinks, I have been bar hopping around the city and this made me stay. Lots of whiskeys to choose from, of Course Guiness from the tap.\n\nGreat music and love the typical Irish Pub concept.', 'Never fails. Rugby, football, cricket served with a gravey of authentic pub.', 'Great Irish pub with good beer and in the weekend live music.', 'Lovely pub, great atmosphere, great service, perfect experience.', 'We had a blast here. Food, drinks, music. And the staff is amazing. Mika and Ines are amazing there. Give them a raise.', "I found the staf to be very nice. Had a wonderful experience just people watching and snacking on some snacks.\nI heard they have bilingual pub quizzes twice a week. But you need to notify them to make sure they have space because it's popular with the regulars.", "Great new addition to Breda. Lovely typical Irish food and the usual Irish breakfast with Clonakilty sausages. Guinness and Kilkenny on draught plus the normal Dutch beers. Plenty seating inside or outside.\nIf you're looking for a nice evening out and food that's not going to break the bank then this is the place to be.", "Love that place. Whenever I'm in Breda (usually once a year) I'm going there, having some beer and ribs with colleagues. Super friendly staff, reasonable prices and located in the city center in a lively and beautiful location. Already looking forward to my next visit!", 'Comfortable atmosphere with friendly staff.  Food is mediocre frozen foods that are heated with various methods.  Not worth the prices they charge.', 'A nice place with good comfort food! Some good beers & desert too. Room to sit in or out as well.', 'Was a lovely meal, and the waiter was a kind gentleman', "Travelling Holland & sampling local restaurants/ cafes with differing levels of success but what a lovely place this is. Saff are delightful and couldn't help more, which is backed up by great food & drinks.  Well done & I hope anyone visiting Made drops in and samples the lovely hospitality of The Pub 😊", 'Nice atmosphere, good beer and so friendly staff!', 'Nice atmosphere, easy going, good music!', 'Pretty nice people.. nice music, also rock', "Good beer, that's enough 🇨🇿", 'Maddox is a beautiful and really big restaurant. We ordered some beers, garlic bread and the iron steak. Sadly, the beer only served in small glasses. The gaelic bread was very good, however the steak, although looking good was really mediocre and not on the level as I requested medium rare and got almost well done.', 'Amazing bar and restaurant! Expecially their cocktails, glad the bar had time and was actually able to make me some off-menu cocktails. The food was very good, way better then expected.', 'Took 20 minutes to get some snacks, waiter promised to ask the kitchen and give feedback.. she never came back. The atmosphere is amazing!', 'Waited 1h for a food that never came. Not even a “sorry” was received. Left the place.', 'Great traditional Dutch tevern', 'Very friendly owner and up for a nice chat. Beautiful brown café with delicious wine! Unfortunately we live too far, otherwise it would certainly be the favorite pub for Friday afternoon drinks.', 'BREDA - After 37 years, Ger Couvreur says goodbye to his Tapperijke on the Grote Markt in Breda. The brown café has been taken over immediately by the owners of the opposite café De Pastorie. The Tapperijke will remain as it is, they let us know.\nThe oldest bartender in Breda is a household name in entertainment circles. He is the singer of carnival classic De Muts. A song that regularly blares through the pub, invariably rhythmically accompanied by Couvreur himself, who skilfully hits the bottles above the bar with drumsticks.\nCozy old café with a nice café owner, who likes a joke!\nNice tent with great ambiance, and fun for city trippers and groups, café is at the foot of the large church.', "I only came there twice a year, usually at a lost moment and every time you enter it is like putting on a warm coat. Ger made everyone feel like they are a regular. The pub itself? Wonderfully brown in a fantastic location, although you can never see the most beautiful church tower in the country from 't Tapperijke.\n\nThanks Ger!", 'Highly recommended, not a super big café, but all the necessities to have a perfect evening with friends! And with a bit of luck there will be live music or a good DJ!!', "Outside looks nice of this cafe, nice terrace good look. Inside it is a tired and somewhat bare pub. Purely focused on alcoholic refreshments. Don't expect coffee and tea, but beer and beer. Despite the moderate crowds, it cannot be called clean. The tables still had empty glassware, etc., lying around. Not the place to sit during the day, great for a beer in the evening while going out.", 'Smooth, pleasant host, super tasty drink boards and just outside the hustle and bustle of the center. No coffee or tea, but affordable beers and wines. Place to be for non-sense Burgundian drinks.', 'Private party given in Borrel Bar Breda. Everything was arranged as agreed. Friendly bartender, tasty snacks and drinks for a great price. Music was fine. I had a very pleasant evening!', 'Very nice cafe , lots of choices for drinks and very friendly staff, great for meeting with like 20 people max', 'Lost in time, bring your mood up for the moment you walk in.\nGreat company music and drinks.!', "'t Hijgend Hert is a café that will immediately make you feel at home. The staff is always friendly and open minded about opening their doors to all kinds of events. there is a nice range of beers on draft and they will probably have something to your liking.", 'Best bar in Breda', "You won't be served here, it's a self order bar where you have to get your drinks at the counter and get like a food buzzer that will notify you when the food is ready.\n\nNot my style, but definetly nice bar servers and the top floor has some game tables like snooker.\nThe cafe looked nice from outside and inside.\n\nMusic was good too.", 'A really nice and cosy café. You can drink a lot of different beers here for a cheaper price, because there is no service. You order at the bar yourself and take your drinks to a seat. The best café for students!', 'Just the place for coffee and to watch the world go by', 'No tabel service but a really nice selection beer. The also offerend a lot of food and pricing is decent.', 'Were actually just looking for a place to hide from heavy rain on a Sunday afternoon but stayed for a beer because of the great atmosphere and super kind waitress. Definitely recommend!', 'Great atmosphere, good music, cool service, tasty and not diluted cocktails! Thank you for your patience 😁', 'Such an amazing place!!!! The biggest cup of coffee I ever had in Montenegro 🇲🇪  loved it!', "It's OK. I've been here three times with a range of experiences.\nFirst time was terrible, I walked out as the service was non existent - and this whilst the place was dead. Second time was Ok, better service and decent cocktails. Third time was also OK. 2 out of three isn't bad.\n\nIt's an OK pub. Service seems to be better when the place is busier / in the evening. It's open to a decent time. Around 10ish tables outside. it's pretty close to a late night club/bar so could be a decent pre club venue.  Apparently there is fuzball and darts inside A couple of TV screens are on inside which had football on.\n\nEdit: Slight change but they do now take card payments, so I've added another star.", 'Ordered 8 meals, and even after checking with the waiter we got only 5. Cocktails were more expensive than advertised on the menu. When we mentioned this to the staff they just laughed it away. Food was quite alright though.', 'Najdrazi lokal u Podgorici!\nWonderful place, great hospitality, the staff is very nice, the drinks are amazing! I highly recommend this place!!', 'Was last night! It was great. The atmosphere, the music, everything 🎶 👍', 'Food was okay but the waiters constantly forgot meals, and when we received the bill, they raised the prices of all cocktails claiming it was "an old menu\' and just laughed. Tourist trap.', 'Best bar in Podgorica! Good craft beer, wide assortment, good music, atmosphere and most importantly awesome bartenders that can suggest you drinks basing on your preferences! By the way, recently I celebrated birthday on the top floor of the bar and it was awesome! If you want to spend your time in company of friends you certainly need to reserve top floor and do it. You can order food from any delivery and grab it with you upstairs, then grab some beer, some cocktails, plug a Nintendo Switch in TV that is there, share joy cons with your friends and enjoy most relaxing and joyful time in bar that you have ever had.\n\nSo glad that my friends took me it this bar!', 'Pleasant place and tasty beer. Not so much choice, but I found one which I like 👍 The staff is very friendly.', 'Great place , awesome atmosphere, watching football games....or movies, or just enjoy in beer or coffee....', 'Great place to spend time with friends. The staff is very friendly and nice :)', '4 out of 5 because I had good experience here before, but this good experience happens at random. The location is interesting and unique in Podgorica, which is great, and it is really pleasant to sit here. The last time waiters had no idea about dishes in the menu and were not able to explain the dishes to us. Also, we ordered mixed meat but 2 items from that mix were missing even though they were written as a part of it in the menu (we were not told it would be ommited). The waitress told us it comes with different dips but it came with only one. They didnt have the cake that was in the menu but we waited 10min for the waitress to check if they had it and come back to tell us they dont. These things happen every second time we visit and since it became pricier I doubt it is worth the price at this state. And we never know if visiting will make or ruin our day.\n\nService like this is not unusual for Montenegrin restaurants unfortunately. I like this restaurant and I wish their management would get a grip on these problems since it has been happening forever and I see it in the comments here. My colleagues asked me never to come here again except for drinks and it just might be the case for some time in the future.', 'Great service, optional prices, tasty food. Nice place out of city center.', 'An extremely strange place. The food is of very poor quality. We ordered several dishes, one turned out to be simply inedible, and the other two caused severe poisoning. For some unknown reason, you can not order hot drinks, coffee or tea, the waiter says that there are no hot drinks, but if you really ask, they suddenly appear. Half of the dishes on the menu cannot be ordered. I do not recommend this place - take care of your health.', 'Nice place for lunch or dinner. Pet friendly. They have an English menu which you can follow and the ice-cream they have is really delicious and worth trying.', "Rude waiters, they won't serve, the behavior is extremely ugly, the place to avoid!!!", 'the best pub and place to go in the whole Nikšić, great owners, great service, great beers for great prices, great music, great atmosphere, simply great expirience..', 'The kindest and most efficient service. Fairly priced drinks and cool atmosphere.', 'Very nice place!', 'Every time I visit this bar, I’m reminded of its unparalleled charm. The space is cozy, creating an inviting atmosphere that encourages relaxation and conversation. The staff are truly commendable – their warmth and attentiveness stand out. The unique ambiance of this place is its biggest draw; it has an indescribable aura that keeps pulling me back. Live music events, featuring mostly local bands with the occasional international act, add a special touch to the experience, enhancing the already vibrant mood. Can’t recommend this place enough!', 'Really nice cocktails, they only took cash though.', 'A favourite coffee spot in Nikšić, right in front of the main square in the city.\nThis place in recognizable for the umbrellas at their terrace.\nDuring nice weather the terrace is packed with people. Interior is mixed with industrial and retro furniture. What i like the most about this place is the fact they let stray dogs inside when its cold! Friendly staff, lovely people makes it all even nicer.', 'Such a cool place, decor, service,  everything....', 'Good prizes for good drinks!', 'Nice spot', "The place to be when visiting Herceg-Novi to enjoy a drink and even sometimes a dance nearby the sea🙂 don't miss it!", 'Great for chilling :) and perfect view on the sea.', 'I came to this place for the first time 2 years ago. Since then one of my favorite pubs in Montenegro. 💕\n\nIt is quite enjoyable to take a long breath on the stairs and watch the passers-by.\n\nThe music playing is excellent. 🎶\n\nPrices are quite affordable.\n\nThe guy working here also provides very friendly service.\n\n🌟It is one of the places I would recommend you to go not only in Herceg Novi but throughout Montenegro.🌟', "Wow, what a amazing Pub 🤩🍻. Good draught beers and cozy atmosphere inside and outside. If you're looking for the perfect place for a cold beer in Herceg Novi, visit Got Pub 👌", 'Probably the best Place for Beer Lovers in northern Montenegro. Really nice Location, fair prices, good atmosphere. We will come again...and again;)', "Great pub very close to the Old Town. Good selection of draft beers (around 6 on draft) as well as bottles. Get the local Blonda beer (poured from a Saxophone tap!). One of the best beers I've had in a long time and only 3EUR for 0.5l!", "Budva old town is very lucky to have a pub like this! It's charm is delightful; from the décor to the staff (esp Gandra)!  The local beer is decently priced for Budva. Go here and chat to Gandra, he will warmly welcome you and happily engage in a conversation if you wish! May we all meet one day down Penny Lane with someone pulling a pint for you!!", 'Good place, is like an airing pub with quite relaxed music…  I would be back..', "Great pub in the lovely narrow streets of the old town,pop in and say hello 👋.\nDragan runs the bar ,great service The owners  also  own the secret garden restaurant up on the left hand side .\nA great night out don't forget the local Raki .", 'Just had a drink. Very friendly lady invited us in. Served us straight away. Located in the beautiful old town. We sat outside people watching. Would definitely recommend.', 'Nice view and atmosphere. Food was not bad but could be better and as well the service.\nThe fish platter was big, the other dishes were normal size. I like the dessert the most. It was a pancake filled with chocolate and had vanilla cream and jam on top.', "I never wrote a bad recession , but this is one worth.\nThe only good thing is the Ambiente.\nOur water glass was dirty. The service was not the best.\nBut the worst was definitely the meal.\nOn the menu was written „salad“. It was one piece without any dressing. (You can see a picture attached)\n\nI've never seen such loveless food.\nEvery snack bar around the corner is better.\nPrice performance was more than bad.", 'Great place, although I just had coffee this time. Will come back for food, the menu looked great and the restaurant seems to be full all the time.\n\nLocated on one of nicest spots in Budva, really nice. Just in front of the old town and marina, it’s fantastic.\n\nUpdate: The food is very good average and rather expensive, but I guess you pay for the location as well, which is fair.', 'Very nice place, with a good menu selection. We had the fish and chips and the black risotto. The black risotto served by them was actually the best we had during our trip (both in Montenegro and Croatia). Friendly and quick service, good prices.', 'Absolutely delicious food, very funny and helpful waiter, perfect placement and prices. 5/5!!', 'My boyfriend and I had a lovely lunch here while visiting the old town! The place has a really calm atmosphere and nice terrace, where we enjoyed some pork neck and grilled squid, both of which were delicious. Considering the location it has quite good prices so would highly recommend if coming by!', 'It’s located in a street that’s less attractive as the others. But don’t be fooled, they come and help with great service and tasty food.\nI had requested a dietary request on a dish and the staff was nothing but helpful and didn’t make me feel like a hassle either.\nPrices are reasonable.\nI would definitely come back.', 'The waiter is very pleasant.\nFood is excellent.\nAtmosphere is great.\nCompared to other restaurants in old Budva, this is the best choise to come and eat or have drinks. Very nice really. And not expensive as the rest.\nWe were super satisfied :)', 'It was an amazing experience, lovely music, perfect service, thanks for delicious food and waiter Matija was nice towards us. I recommend this place for people who knows how to enjoy a vacation !', 'Had an amazing night, the owner is so fun and welcoming. Definitely coming again', 'The beautiful lady recommend one of the best pizza in Montenegro, i’ve ever eaten. Great atmosphere, great people', 'Had a great time here the past few nights! Great vibe and great people!', 'Best place for drink coffee beside sea...', 'Top Coctails... Music...', 'WC is not that great.', 'Perfect location, great service and delicious coffee with a large glass of water at a low price', 'The hygiene is horrible. We ordered an orange juice, and found a bug was floating on it, we then asked to redo it but it was still the previous one - they just took the bug out and serve it again instead of redo the drink. The food is also terrible - but thanks god this time no bugs any more.', 'Gorgeous beach view, efficient service, friendly staff and decent food. We had the cream pie, it was really good. We went back several times and we were never disappointed.', 'Good and tasty food.\nBread should be better but overall nice place!\n4.5⭐️Dont miss shrimps and black rise…', 'Really nice restaurant/grill on beachfront, polite and experienced staff l, food was top notch portions were just big enough to make a 240 pound man full :) prices are adequate, probably under the location medium.\n\nDrinks were cold and were delivered less than a minute from being ordered, while food arrived within 7 minutes and was very fresh as their grill staff works like crazy.\nWill come back and would recommend to anyone visiting this area.\n\nBare in mind it can get a bit crowded as it is right next to beach and everyone wants to eat here. Which I presume also says well about the food and service here.\n\nOnly thing I regret is wasting money in a nearby restaurant Amadeus  with the outmost worst service every for the past few days while this jewel was hiding 100 feet away.', 'We have been at Azzurro several times for beach, lunch and dinner during our stay in Budva. They have some of the best service we have had here, and all the food was tasty! You can also have a amazing view of the moon!\nOur waiter Alexander was always smiling and making us feel really welcome, and we will miss him!', 'Fresh fish Orada was very, very good.\nAtmosphere not more than 4, simple restaurant and some waiters wearing inappropriate clothes for work.\nService was okay.', 'We spent there the whole day at the beach. 15€ for two sun beds. Ordered pizza and watermelon for lunch and some drinks during the day too. All was good 😊', "Only had a drink so can't comment on food, but the location is fantastic right next to the old town walls and on the beach, also the fans were fantastic on a very hot and sunny day", 'I mean .Just take my money. Best cocktails best service. Best ambience the sweetest littlest place I have ever seen. Just go there. And leave a good tip. 😻', 'very delicious signature cocktails, nice atmosphere. highly recommended. best place in Budva', 'Signature cocktail recommended by the staff really made my night! Great choice in the heart of Budva old town', 'I had high hopes for this cocktail bar. We’d just spent three nights in Kotor and enjoyed craft cocktails at Nitrox every night. Mixology staff is really nice and they work to be accommodating, but they need to improve the vibe and seating. There are two little tables in a courtyard across from the bar, and a few hightop tables inside. The courtyard is dark; the chairs rickety and mine was missing a wood plank. There was no music. They were out of a key ingredient for both of our drinks. Cocktails were tasty, but we were the only guests there. They could really improve their business by adding some hip European beach music, string lights, potted plants and better seating. And pretty garnishes for the cocktails. More tourists will come, more will take photos, more will leave better reviews.', 'Perfect', 'Great bar. If you are not hungry (and there is no food here) and want to sit in a pleasant atmosphere a la Tarantino, then come here for a cup of coffee😉', 'Stunning view, good coffee', 'Good coffee', '', 'Nice beach side bar, good coffee and frittas reasonably priced', "If no tips to arrogant waiters, they won't come to you next time. Last time ordered risotto with seafoods, God bless I didn't break my tooth, but cut my gum by unpeeled mussel. Good place to drink beverages from dirty, scratched cups with nice view.", 'Service is very slow, we waited between hour and a half. Steak was dry and unseasoned. Other plates were okay, but not much flavor. A bit pricey for what you actually get, but portions are big. Too bad the flavors are meh.  Not coming back again.', 'Wait staff was rude. Told us we could order food. Didn’t show up for 45 minutes then told us to wait 2 hours for food. Started serving others before us who arrived later. Very rude and raised voices at us.', "I hadn't expected this level of quality from a pub named after a famous American highway. But the food was tasty and cooked to perfection.", 'Good for quick snack and having beer . We preferred the seat outside for the experience of city view . It’s not expensive restaurant you can enter with your family and crowded groups with no hesitation .', 'Bad. The dish brought lacks the ingredients specified in the menu. The food is often oversalted. The price on the menu differs from what is brought in the bill. It was much better here in winter.', 'I can not believe this place has so much to offer.\nThe food is top quality.\nThere is a great breeze in the outdoor areas.\nThe bar has lots of different offerings.\nThis will be a new favorite go to for dining and fun.', 'Best place ever in menton in order to enjoy a good moment ! It’s only there where u can drink and dance in this city', 'Have been watching World Cup Rugby there... Nice to have "pub" atmosphere in Menton.....', 'Very nice peopple, I enjoy my time there.', 'Super friendly and very hospitable owners!!\nYou can tell they love what they do.\nIt changes some people in Menton!\nReasonable consumption prices.\nVery friendly atmosphere.\nI highly recommend and I will definitely come back... ✌️\nI wish them a good continuation.\n\nKatia, Mathieu and Noah from Strasbourg. 😘✌️', 'Nice bar in Monaco 🇲🇨\nThe bar is great always full of people so sometimes it’s hard to find a place to sit outside + the drinks are a bit expensive asides from this still a great place to have some drinks with friends', "Trinity is divided into two sections. One serves as a local pub, showing sports games on the big screen (football, boxing, rugby) and offers live music. This side is more popular with students, and those who like to watch sports. Often find that the service here is better than on the other side, which has a more mature audience. That said, it is equally as busy on the weekend so it is best to reserve a table in advance. Overall, I like coming here and it's good for groups.", 'I recently visited this "Irish" bar in Monaco, hoping for a taste of Irish hospitality and cuisine. Unfortunately, my experience fell far short of my expectations.\n\nFirstly, the food left much to be desired. It was not only overpriced, but the quality didn\'t justify the cost. The flavors were bland, and for the price, the portions were disappointingly small. Adding to the disappointment, my cheeseburger arrived nearly 40 minutes later, and it was devoid of any garnish—no tomato, no onion, nothing.\n\nSecondly, the service was a major letdown. Our server displayed a less-than-friendly attitude, which detracted from the overall dining experience. Hospitality is a fundamental aspect of any establishment, and it was noticeably lacking here.\n\nI would also like to add that the Guinness, a cherished staple in any Irish bar and a source of national pride, was dreadful.\n\nI was genuinely looking forward to enjoying my visit to an Irish bar in Monaco, but regrettably, it did not meet my expectations.\n\nMaybe hiring some Irish staff could help foster the right attitude and create the proper atmosphere to make this place worthy of its branding!!', 'Lively atmosphere with modern design and good music , excellent food and drinks menu and fantastic service to match. I’ve been here numerous times and am never disappointed.', 'Swanky bar tucked into side of lobby. Cocktails and wine 29-30 euros each. Great vibes, sometimes live music. Definitely a memorable night out', 'Top quality service and drinks! The staff is fabulous and you can feel their high service ambitions at every moment. Discreet, helpful and knowledgeable. It’s exactly what you would expect for 5 stars 🍸', 'Great place to share with friends or a romantic date. Awesome appetizers and great service.', 'Its very good place,was available and surprised me with the veaw and delicious cesare salad. Super fast team and huge terrace outside and life band inside', "Great, casual wine bar with a broad range of (open) wines for reasonable prices. Yesterday (Friday) evening even with live music.\n\nThey also offer food.\nlt is a good place for a snack late in the evening when restaurants in Fontvieille have already closed or din't serve food anymore.\n\nAt lunchtime there is a special offer with starter, main course and dessert (see photo of the menu of Friday 31.1.2020).", 'Wonderful location, good pizza and excellent staff.. one of my favourite places to grab a late night beer in Monaco!', 'Beautiful location, relaxed atmosphere and great staff.', 'This place is located in a quiet area, but still,  it is close to many local points of interest. Foods,  drinks and staff are all good,  we had no reason to complain. Prices are moderate.', "Abysmal.\n\nWe had a 5 star experience at the restaurant next door & thought we'd finish the night with a cocktail.\n\nWe were ignored when we walked in, despite the inside part of the bar being mostly empty. We took a table inside, near the bar, which was central. After trying to get the waitresses attention for about 10 minutes, I finally caught her eye, despite her walking past us multiple times, empty handed. I asked her for a menu, then, after 20 minutes of waiting, and the same waitress walking past our table again multiple times again, we gave up and left.\n\nI'm sure I'll get a generic, copy-paste apology below but we will never be back again.", 'Nice bar! Lots of fun and nice people', 'High end experience of Monagasque cocktail skills and snacks.', 'Great place with great view. Very pleasant staff and magician tricks were amazing. Only bad side is that shisha staff are offering free shishas on them and put it on the bill later, but manager was super friendly and solved the issue. Other than that is 5/5', 'What a find. This place has it all. From the moment we were seated to the moment we paid it was a complete experience. We started with the bruschetta - a must have - followed by a shared charcuterie board and paired with a beautiful wine. The owner was extremely knowledgable about the wines and cheeses ensuring we had an amazing culinary experience. Great atmosphere in a lovely setting with great banter with the staff. Definitely one we’ll be returning to.', "This wine bar has so much potential because the staff are knowledgeable and the ingredients used are of very high quality. However, the layout of the restaurant is bizzare and this lets it down a little. The first night we visited we ate at a food trolley which was very uncomfortable but the only table we were allowed to sit at as it accommodated 2. The second night there was a beer barrel with 3 seats at it and we were refused service on the basis that there were 2 of us even though no one else was waiting and mostly at home you would limit a barrel to 2 seats for serving food. There is also a lot of seating inside which doesnt appear to be utilised at least at we didn't observe it being used. Music, food and wine is excellent and a high standard compared to some other restaurants but comfort and customer service and making particularly a repeat customer feel valued is very important. We didn't return for the rest of our stay for that reason.", 'This place was amazing! Stefanie took the time to explain each wine and every meat and cheese on the plate. You can really tell her passion for her craft and it makes the experience very special. What a great night!', 'Very nice atmosphere and staff! The girl working there has a expertise in wines! The food tasted amazing and the charcuterie was varied! Recommend this at all time in Menton!!', 'Really nice food, and beautiful staff.', 'Very good PUB', 'I like the atmosphere here and highly recommend for those who loves to drink some beer 🍻 watching sports events.', 'They cook perfect. Amazing dishes !!!', 'This is a wonderful neighborhood pub! The food is very good and reasonably priced. My server, Oxanna, was highly professional and a true delight in helping me navigate the menu with my developing Romanian language skills. I will be back often!', 'Worst burger in my life!\nHad to wait 40 mins to get a super dry, no taste, hard burger. Also, the service was terrible, the waitress has asked us several times what is our order to get a wrong one in the end. Only the atmosphere and the people made it better, overall I do not recommend this pub.', 'Eat at the terrace, the beer and wine are amazing, food is ok, the service great from the blonde happy lady', 'Food was very good, definitely come again.', 'good beer , food average , decent ambience', 'i like the location, only dissatisfaction is its closes at midnight.  But everything else is nice serving and the waitresses are nice and they seem to enjoy their job.', 'Very delicious meat and tasty belgian beer. It wotrh it to visit', "An amazing place to go to, if you're a fan of beer. They have the biggest assortment of beer snacks, that I've seen in Chișinău.", 'Overpriced place for quality of food and beer.', 'Waiting for food for 45 minutes. Icos and wape is aloud inside. Smoking is not aloud. The smell is horrible. Do not recommend', 'Great food and drinks! Kind and friendly staff. Clean and tidy. Very lovely music. Definitely recommend', 'Best place for a big group. Delicious and accessible menu. 5*', '', '', '', '', 'Simply love this place...\nFood is great. Staff mostly superb. More beer would be fantastic... :)', 'Best bar in Chisinau - reminds me of a good American pub. Great service, food is perfect for drinking a pint. Pool table in the front. Spacious so never feel crowded, and great view of Cathedral Park.', 'Great pub! We called in as we walking by on our way to somewhere else. As it is part of a hotel we were expecting higher prices and average food but we were very pleasantly surprised. We had a bottle of wine that cost only 150MDL (EUR 7.75) and the food was fantastic and very well priced.  Our waiter was very attentive, polite and never let our glass get empty. There is even a pool table and fosball.', 'The greatest place where I can take a rest, and eat the most delicious burger in Republic of Moldova and in the city, of course! You pay a good price for the best meals! Always loved and recommended!!! And the best chief!', 'We ordered "Steak in a Caucasian way" and "4 Placinda (double filling)" and the filling is really double - placindas are generously stuffed, juicy, and truly tasty. They\'re also huge - a grown man can feel full just from eating one. The steak was thick and juicy as well. The prices are quite affordable - you can get more than 2kg of meaty noms for just 430 MLD. The delivered food was still hot. Overall the food made an excellent first impression. We\'ll be ordering again.', "Really good place for meat lovers. They are very creative in preparing and serving meat. Beef is tender and other sorts of meat are also good.  They have grill sets for groups,  if you take one then total you'll get a bottle of home made horseradish brandy that is unbelievable. Prices are very good too.", 'Nice restaurant and pub to check in for grilled meat and breweries .', 'Medium standard foods but an amazing interior to hang out', "You can't go wrong with Jack's. The staff speak English, they're reliable, quick, and the food is super good for the price they charge. They make the best Bloody Mary in town. Highly recommend.", 'Good place to spend the night with friends. Nothing out of extraordinary or fancy. Just and enjoyable place to decently eat', 'Large portions as advertised. Trout was good but a little overcooked for my taste. Mushrooms were awesome. Rice was good but cold. Hostess could have been friendlier. Server worked hard.', 'Live music, drinks, food and friends .. perfect for evening gatherings', 'The terrace is nice and cozy. The staff is friendly. However, the food was not amazing, but it was tasty. Overall, it was a good experience. I would visit the place again.', "This is a Czech chain of restaurants that creates a familiar place for Czechs. It's a good standard of quality and it is quite alright here as well. The food was very good, the atmosphere as well (menu is also in Czech). The waiter was a bit confused and slow (brought bread after we finished soup etc.). The beer they offer is Czech Kozel. The place is very clean. Overall I recommend it. It's also in the city centre which is very convenient.", 'I would love to rank 5 star but I could not. The main reason is not about the food or beer, it is about shisha. You are the unique one that does not provide the service of changing carbon, which make me confuse. You could even charge for this service instead of let your customer keep sucking the pipe to avoid it cool down, you will not like it especially when you are eating.', 'very good draft beer and food choice. Recommended', "It's very close to my home, I've been here lot of time, and I highly recommend...!", 'Service was... None. Absolutely. No service.\nFood was ok, but Meter of Meat had too few pieces of veggies (quarter of tomato, slice of zukkini, half of sweet peper, one potato and onion). Veggies are not expensive in Moldova. Please be generous!', 'Great pub for hanging out with friends', 'Super', 'Local beer is phenomenal!  Only had 4 😆\n\nNY steak is also a stunner!  Ordered salmon carpaccio and it also was impressive.  Make sure you try the cheesecake, honestly best I’ve had in a very long time.  Staff are very kind and helpful, ambiance is great.  They speak many languages in Moldova which makes things easy also.  Enjoy!', "Nice food steak cooked perfectly how I ask, just was upset because my ribeye steak on bone was exactly 1000 grams whiteout any proof and waitress don't really know romanian language and wines they have.", 'It is a really nice and barbarian place, The food is fantastic, Also many unique dishes. Recommend to small groups and if you wanna try something new.', "While in Chisinau we went here about five times. It's very nice and on a beautiful road with iconic statues, The Lovers, also very close to Cathedral Park, Sun City Mall, Cat Cafe, and Stephen Chel Marie Park.", 'Beer is good but I recommend to buy by one ,if you take a set you may not like all of them .Food is tasty', 'Good beer, tasty food. It took some time to get some dishes, probably because it was crowded. But I would come back to this place again', 'Very rare restaurants who have their own brew beer production, made me curious but unfortunately non-alcoholic beer by their brand not available. The food for any taste and very delicious. Will come back soon...', 'Great atmosphere, with local brewed beer. They have beer for all main european british tastes : German, Belgian, Irish. Make sure to try them all and give a honest drunken opinion about how the beer should be made. Extra points for cozy design. Right on the main street of the capital of Moldova, with the beer that you are gonna like, with the food that you are going to enjoy, what else do you want?', 'I liked the place, it’s very cozy and food is good. The portraits of real “legends” from sports, music, politics etc was very good idea. Will definitely visit again one I’m back 💜 With love from Belgium 🇧🇪', "It isn't as big as you would think but it's comforting, the food is ok, not awesome but ok, the icing on the cake is that they have private rooms, although with conditions but private nonetheless and with a bonus if you want a fun time with a group of friends.", 'Good atmosphere and friendly people, highly recommended.', 'Came here at midnight and they still were able to cook. Had a great time here!!!', "I didn't eat at this place, I came to buy some bottles of wine. The owner is very polite and customer oriented. He helped me pick the wine and came with good recommendations! The place looks very nice and it seems a great restaurant to have a romantic dinner.", 'I really enjoyed the place. Ordered the Wine Gogh steak and a glass of wine. Both are really good. The restaurant is cozy with a good atmosphere. I had a nice chat with the owner. He gave me some advice on wine that I want to bring home. Overall a great experience, I totally recommend it.', "The place is nice and very welcoming with a nice selection of wines, but the food is a big let down.  The kangaroo fillet was so hard and tough that's literally uncutable with a knife and impossible to chew, potatoes soggy and the friptura didn't taste good.  We weren't even asked why we left more than half the food on the plates which leads to believe that they knew that what was offered is sub par. Its a pity as could be a nice place but not worth the visit.", 'Great food, lovely atmosphere. The Van Gogh theme throughout the place looks very pleasant to the eye. The taste of the food is worthy of the higher prices for the most part.', 'Stay away if you don’t want to get ripped off £5 a pint for a picture .\n\nI purchased a picker  from here this evening . Me thinking that was for pints of lager. All we got with 2 1/4 pints when we complained the manager tried to show me that there’s actually 3 pints in a joke but when he saved if there wasn’t we will not be returning customers. The entertainment on couldn’t even sing make it worse and I feel like we got ripped off.', 'Great lively bar with amazing entertainment. Bar staff are ace. Great selection of Beer. Highly recommend going for 10 drinks or more.', "Me and a couple of my friends decided to head down to this pub, the atmosphere was amazing and the live music just made it all the more better. The staff was extremely friendly and the pints were one of the best i've had, their Guinness was out of this world and at an affordable price.\n\nThey had a lot of TVs so we were able to watch the game even if we stepped outside for a cigarette.\n\nOverall I would definitely recommend this place!", 'Friendly place good atmosphere and a music artist place each night.\nAnd a lovely pint.', 'Wonderful find. Value prices drinks and food. Had a pub meal cooked to my liking and tasty. Patros friendly and loafs of fun. Hosts Sharon and Michael exceptional. Loved my time here and returned for a another sojourn. Music to while away the evening as well', 'Lovely bar, lots of Irish nostalgia, host is friendly and will have a chat.', "Food brilliant.Fish and Chips recommended.\nSharon - Great hostess.\nGood Crack amongst the locals\nMust visit whilst in St Paul's Area.", 'Great bar. Lovely people and atmosphere', "We didn't eat or drink as we were doing a table top sale. Staff are very friendly and accommodating.", 'One Place tipical Ireland i come back in September .Best guinness to malta .its fantastic you can play to bingo', 'Great value home cooked food. All vegetables fresh. Real chips made from fresh local potatoes. All items on the menu are priced from  €4.50 to €10.', 'Warm welcome in this Irish pub full of locals. Tourists welcomed. Many TVs.', 'Looking for a Scottish pub while in St. Pauls.. its not far from waterfront but up a wee street. However, i think i will be making this my local everytime i come to Malta.\n\nGreat barstaff, very friendly place & if your here to be alone with your thoughts. This place does both..\n\nReminds me of the way pubs used to be in Glasgow. Totally love it.', 'Just come back from a week in Malta, came across this bar on our first night, what a fantastic little gem.\nAndy and Anne the owners are so friendly and couldn’t do enough for you. We met some lovely people in there.  If you like kareoke you have to go on a Sunday and Thursday and Ivan the guy who hosts is just the nicest person.\nWe didn’t want to come home and we will definitely be returning soon xx. Louise and Phil xxx', 'Great little pub Andy & Anne couldn’t\nDo enough for us.\nGreat prices &entertainment\nWill definitely be going back to see them\nNext time were in milta\nWhich hopefully won’t be too long away.\nAndrew & davie from Edinburgh', 'Anne and Andy provide the warmest welcome, and it honestly feels like a home from home now. Great times with an awesome community of people from all over the world. Highly recommended x', "Amazing Irish Pub with plenty of drinks and friendly environment.\nThey're organizing weekly events like Karaoke and live music.\nTruly recommended!", 'Every time we go there shut Friday night 21,30 closed, 13th October closed shame good bar', "Don't bother, turned up tonight and it was shut", 'We thought it was good. Finger food, music, cheap, delicious beer. Good atmosphere, open-minded people.', "Great traditional pub. Steve and Dawn run a fantastic pub that has all the magical ingredients. Great beer and food, of course, with superb camaraderie amongst the regulars, whether it's a football match, bingo, or a pig roast. Will return again and again. Cheers Phil and Sue.", 'Great service with a wide selection of drinks. Lovely  Sunday lunch served up until 6pm . Also have options to watch your favourite team on the box . Very satisfied 😁.', 'Top boozer and the Wednesday hosts were superb 👌', 'Had Sunday roast for 7 people there .then breakfast for 7 people great food', 'Lovely little bar / pub with a good range of draft beers did not eat there but had a pint or two', "We came here many times during our time in Malta! The cocktails were great and the service was spot on! It's also in the centre of town and shows all major football games. Thanks guys!!", 'We do love the pub food and the drinks here. The atmosphere is gorgeous here and they have the best cocktails! Could not recommend them enough. However, recently we tried the sunday roast and were not impressed. The portion was tiny also. Such a shame, we wont return for sunday lunch but definitely return for anything else. 4 out of 5 due to this.', 'Great Bar - based on American/Irish pub experience with very clean comfortable environment serving food and drinks - excellent friendly management and staff providing top class customer service - top quality drinks - genuine cocktails prepared by a trained mixologist - sports and music on screens and interesting memorabilia on display for entertainment.', "Have visited the Keys Pub every day since visiting Malta. Having travelled around the island we haven't found anywhere better in all honesty. The staff are amazing people and genuinely make this place what it is. Excellent food, friendly service and being more welcoming than I could have ever imagined. Regardless of where you are staying on the island visiting this establishment would certainly be a highlight of anybody's trip to Malta.", 'The quality is like no other. Hospitality is ever so inviting. Stars do not give this place or the people that operate the place justice. An amazing experience and forever grateful ♥️ much love and wish them all the success.', 'Realy Nice place with good food. Will be back there again sometime', 'LoL an old fashioned bar. Local people, cheap drinks, open until 4am. Was fun', 'As a big fan of Irish pubs I would say this is a top notch place. Great food (had Irish pride) and Guinness. Clean toilets. Fast service and friendly staff. Good location. Will be back.', 'Great place to eat, drink and chill out in beautiful Irish Pub. And also very reasonable prices. I recommend.', 'Friendly staff. I like the atmosphere in these Pubs. I had the ribs which were really good, beer as well. I will come again.', 'Typical Irish bar great hospitality. The Guinness is not too bad since we’re on  an island in the middle of nowhere. Food is simple bang on,  very reasonably priced which is most of Malta.', 'Nice pub and friendly staff.\nPerfect place to have some drinks in the evening.', 'Great location and friendly vibes the burger is super good', 'Wonderful old world pub/bar. Food looked amazing although we only had drinks. Fantastic view over the bay!', 'Moderate place. Tasted ice americano and orange juice. The juice was fresh and cool however, it was a bit tasteless. The coffee on the other hand was just too diluted for my taste. The service was also somewhat slow but the waiters were really friendly.', 'Large English style pub with plenty of seating and a great range of drinks, especially beers. Good atmosphere, not the friendliest of service when we visited.', 'Great drinks and huge selection. We came for an afternoon pair of drinks, it was a perfect place to step away from the center of Valletta to grab a seat and relax for a moment. Service was also very good.', 'An ok UK style pub in Valletta, good drinks choices, basic pub grub food choices, odd service.\n\nGood for sports for those that want it', "Charming English style pub with a good selection of local/international beers and spirits.  The pub can get busy during peak times, but you will often find a seat inside.  Over the weekends there is usually live music.  I have not eaten here, so I can't comment on the food, but it looks pretty reasonable.  Would recommend a drink or two here.", 'Excellent place, a good beers and watch sports, play pool, and sing with karaoke 🥳🤗🥰', 'Great to go for a good beer and listen to people singing karaoke and playing games. Billiards.', 'Very cool sports pub. Cold beer, good vibes & plenty screens for watching some sport', 'My favorite place to drink and have fun in the island. If you’re looking for a good atmosphere, you must go to Cork’s. Karaoke’s nights are the best plan you can do it! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️', "Such a warm welcome on out first night in Malta. We only popped out for some milk but needed to cool down in the heat. It was like we'd found our local.\nStefan is a master of hospitality and made us instantly welcome, nothing was to much trouble. Thank you for the great nights", "Good pub with many kinds of beers.\nBeers are very good and personal very kind.\nI didn't eat therefore I can't say anything about food", 'Good selection of drinks, nice beer. Complimented the bartender for his bartending skills and he found it necessary to follow me back to the table and lecture me on him being the owner/manager and not a bartender. Uncomfortable situation as he would not stop talking about it', "It was a great experience , the barman is great and very kind. Prize are very good, they have a Irish Red ale beer that's the best. I suggest this place to chill and games, they infact have some games and you can use it.", 'A lovely Place: Good Beer, good Food (the stews are delicious) tasty Cocktails, friendly Service, nice atmosphere.', 'Wonderful place - large variety of drinks, good rock music, delicious food, kind and helpful stuff. And all these at fully affordable prices.\nRecommend!', 'Very friendly Bar with great service, we booked for Sunday lunch which was a set menu roast.\n\nThere were a few options for the entree and dessert.\nWe had the Soup, Pasta Olio, Roast Beef and Apple pie with ice cream.\n\nEverything was very fresh and lots of flavour, the gravy was made from scratch.\n\nThe service was so nice, genuinely friendly, this is where the locals go and you can tell why!\n\nAlso very easy to book too, we used the message service via Google!', "Great little sports themed gastropub nestled in the heart of Sliema's Peninsula. Insulated from tourist foot traffic, it was just the right amount of privacy and good eats. My husband had a Cisk with the fish and chips and I had the spicy Penne All Arrabbiata and it was a delicious vegetarian option. Owner was friendly and took our order personally. Bathrooms were super nice and clean. This place has our vote!", 'The Pub - Is essentially a shrine to the late great actor Oliver Reed. Rumour has it that he was  having a drinking competition with some British sailors and after sinking 8 pints, 12 double rum and 14 whiskey he keeled over and died. (You can even buy a t-shirt to commemorate the evening)\n\nI really wonder what this boozer was like before Oliver Reed made it famous.\n\nAnyone else been??', "Pub was regularly used by Oliver Reed when he was alive and in Malta.  Walls covered with photos of the hell raiser himself.   Definitely dedicated to Oliver.  There is a folder that people can look through whilst in the pub to learn of his life in Malta.  Barman was very polite and helpful. It's worth a visit if you go to Malta, only a small pub, can be found at Archbishop Street.  Seating inside and out. We make a point of visiting every time we go to Malta.", 'The Pub had so much character and charm. Spent multiple evenings here 😊 has a shrine to Oliver Reed who died here', 'got a beer to cheers to Oliver Reed. Little nice pub with super friendly staff. I went to the second floor and to the toilet after reading so many reviews mention it, it is fine! no smell, nice sitting upstairs and restroom is totally usable. cocktails were good, and a perfectly served Guinness. all good', 'Classic place. If you are fortunate to be served by owner himself - Frank it’s just like home. Great service and lots of drinks options with nibbles. Cannot wait to spend more time in here again', 'Best Gin Tonic in town.\nChef loves Rod Steward. Absolut Champion', 'Cisk beer didn’t taste good, smelled bad and had bits in it. I wouldn’t recommend.', 'Great pub, locals enjoying life and cheap beer. Cash only and toilets are full of surprises 😜', "We had a Serbian waitress who couldn't care less..  sour face and poor customer service.  The pizza was nice and the burger was ok but wouldn't go back there again..", "A wonderful sports bar with a great range of drinks available. Reasonably priced and with attentive and friendly staff. The live band acts are pretty decent too. If you want to enjoy a drink in a lively bar you can't go wrong with the Black Gold bar.", "We didn't do the food, but the drinks were 5 star!  Great service too.  With many, MANY screens, this would be a terrific place to watch a World Cup!", 'We watched the Rugby World Cup in large groups. We had the most amazing experience, their team accommodated and served us so well.\n\nGreat spot, affordable with a nicevibe.', 'Been a few times now. Always enjoyed the food and great service. Today I took creamy chicken with pasta .but try the fish and chips super crispy as a Englishman I miss the mushy peas . Friendly.  fast and clean', 'Great food, great service and git to chat with the owner, Ron, who was just wonderful. Off the menu fresh fish as well!!', 'What a lovely place to lunch or dine. The waitress was so friendly and helpful. I think her name was Alba.\nQuietly away from the hustle and bustle of Valletta yet still in town.', 'a friendly and nice Pub with a good Open Air area. The service personal is friendly and helpful. The food is very tasty. Thanks for the nice evening in valetta', "The perfect spot for socialising and having a good time together. It's a super cosy place ideal for organising a personal event or joining in for one of their many events happening! Cool people hanging around! Highly recommended :)", 'A little out of the way this is a small bar with friendly staff and customers . It seems to cater for the locals more than anything else. The decor is dark which does not add to the the appeal. We came looking for Karaoke and found it done in a quirky way, put your name and song on a sheet and wait the karaoke just runs along with no host so if you go to the toilet or for a smoke you could miss your turn.\nWorth a visit if you passing.', "Great place, we were treated to some lovely live music by 2 brilliant guitarists when we went there. The music is quite loud so not the best place for deep conversation, but it's a great place to kick back, have a drink and enjoy the music. Unfortunately I feel like I have to dock it a point as the interior is no longer the same as in pics in other reviews. While the atmosphere is still quite nice, there's almost none of the rock n roll/vinyl decorations that give so much character. Still highly recommended!", 'What a great experience, friendly crowd although a lot younger than we are but a really nice vibe.', "This place makes the best coffee in Malta and it doesn't cost the earth! Discovered it yesterday looking for another shop near Spinola Bay. No pretensions just friendly service and damn good coffee. I am told that the sandwiches there are pretty good too.", 'Simply the best.. still the Maltese snack place i remember as a young lad. No fancy prices, but the food is great. Great place to meet up with friends. I highly recommend it', 'My favourite restaurant in Malta. Wordless. I fell in love with this bar having lunch every days during my stay in Malta. Great location, cheap price and delicious food; specially ftiras of tuna and gbejna, chicken curry rice, chicken pesto, raviolli and chicken wrap. Typical and authentic Maltese bar.', 'Local’s favorite little bar. They have kitchen as well so are serving warm food, most of them typical Maltese options. Good to relax and enjoy the sun. Area is quiet busy so there is always something to look up for. They have 3 screens so if you are a football fan they will be streaming live events. Tony’s Bar - legend.', "Could have been the best pub experience in Malta. Original interior, great view and friendly staff. First time I had the best burger in Malta, using the Craft Your Own Burger option. My wife had a very nice Chilly con carne. The second time the burger was awful. The meat wasn't fresh and it was overcooked until completely dry. So, not consistent and you never know what you'll get.", 'The Crafty Cat was just a short walk from out apartment so our group of 5 went in 2 or 3 times over a long weekend.\nNice and relaxed atmosphere, decor is pretty cool.\nWe ate there twice and both times food was brilliant. Especially the veggie burger and IPA cheese chips.\nAnd obviously the great selection of beers on tap, or cans/bottles in the fridge was also brilliant.\nService was a always friendly and fast too.\nGreat place!', 'Small pub but the design is so cool. Food is good altough im not a big fan of cajun pepper and thats the chilli they use. But on the whole it was a great night and I loved the avocado chips and the beers! The onion rings where also amazing!', "Unique decorations and theme. The food is amazing, plenty of choices (also vegetarian) and affordable. There is a good variety of drinks as well. The staff has been absolutely amazing every single time we are there, always super nice, thoughtful and quick. I literally don't have anything bad to say. I love it here.", "Love this little pub.. Staff are so friendly and have a great variety of drinks.. A place my wife has visited many times with her family.. Still the same family that own it.. Can't wait to come back..", "The good old place. A unique bar restaurant with the traditional Maltese approach.\nOverall, it is a nice place to enjoy some evenings in winter more likely.\nThe owner is friendly and approachable.\nThere's a notable selection of spirits, and the decoration takes you back to older times.", 'A very nice little pub. Gigantic well furnished, friendly people and not overcrowded with teenagers.\n\nTo be recommended unreservedly.', 'Would give more than 5 points if it was possible. Small pub. Very friendly people and friendly barman too. Awesome selection of drinks…', "Exactly what you would expect from a place like this. Staff is very friendly and the place is perfect for a low cost night out. Wraps and sandwiches are very tasty for munchies, and the beer portfolio is quite extensive. Only downside is that if you don't smoke and wish to have a discussion with your group, the music is crazy loud. But I guess if you want to do that at 1am, you can find somewhere more quiet for that.", 'Amazingly artistic and genuinely good cocktails. Found everyone really friendly and very attentive when articulating what we did or didn’t like in cocktails so made them to perfection. Great music and really cool venue. Will be going back for sure', 'Beautiful speakeasy bar, friendly owner and stuff, tasty cocktails)', "Stunningly decorated place showing the era of The Order of the Knights of Malta. Totally charming. This is by far the most impressive pub I've ever seen.", 'Honestly one of the best veggie burgers I’ve ever had.\nThe portions are huge, all the burgers come with skin on fries. So good, I highly recommend.\nAlso the staff were super friendly and a great service is always a plus', 'Definitely my best gastro-bar experience in Malta so far. The food was very good and the service was excellent 👌', 'My favourite burger place 🤤 The food, the ambiance, the service, all make this place such a welcoming place to grab a bite or have a few drinks... The friendly staff and homely vibe make it all the more special and add to the down to earth atmosphere👌', 'Best Burgers, nachos and SERVICE in all Malta! LOVED IT!', 'Clubby atmosphere (we were there in the evening), with loud music and a tv - football being played. A bit difficult to talk to one another but you could manage without shouting :)\nGiving only 3 stars as cocktails were not great, very sugary.\nThey were also serving craft beer.', "Decent prices and nice staff. The food was good. We didn't think it was anything spectacular. The calamari was ok. The ribs were tender and flavorful. The fish & chips were okay in my opinion. I was hoping for a little more breading on them, the fish was big and definitely worth the price for the size. The breading wasn't as good as other places I have been to. But I am not at all a critic for that, as I'm not British.", "A taste of home. As soon as we arrived, the staff were very accomodating. Getting to sit and see the world go by whilst we took advantage of their happy hour cocktails (buy an extra one for €1). The main food was just to die for, cooked to perfection. Really tasty. Couldn't put it down. Would have licked the plate clean if it was allowed. The thing that disappointed was the dessert. It was supposed to be a Snickers dessert but it tasted bland, honestly didn't feel like eating a Snickers at all. Very disappointed in the desserts considering the main was to die for. There were way too many cocktails mind to choose from, and only picked 3. But could have easily drank all day there.", 'very kind staff and great cocktails\nwe tried the fish and chips and sausage as well, they were tasty as well', 'This is a very lovely bar. The beer offer is amazing, so many types and brands including the Malta special. The design is fun and cool  But the best part is the bartender girl who was very friendly.', 'Came here for a visit a few times while visiting Malta. Had an Amazing time being served by Laura the best bartender known in town :) recomending to everyone :)', 'We stopped for a few Fizzies on a quiet night. Only 3 other customers and the staff member was very friendly and polite.', 'This is a very nice bar thematic where you’ll find the magic universe of Alice in Wonderland wherever you look. Paints, draws, and a great mural combined with the right low lights! Wide variety of drinks and beers. Great place to meet people and have fun 🤩', "Very bad place, it's located near the main street. Homeless people always are bothering the guests and the staff doesn't do nothing about it. Last time I was there a girl was attacked by a homeless person after she called the waiter on him. The waiter or none of the staff did nothing abiut the situation. Terrible experience, I highly recommend not going there unless you want to fight a homeless person.", 'Two to three people "working" at this place and manage to ignore empty glasses and drinks more than 25 minutes. Imagine the money they could make when spending less time with chatting and surfing on the mobile...', "Was there several times, I also managed to assist to a couple of nice live shows, great atmosphere. Also one of the best whisky sour in the city, it can be addictive. If you have appetite for junkfood also nachos are worth a shot, they are the definition of comfort food associated to some heavy drink. Just one thing:the place is small and gets crowded easily during events, but that's also part of its charm in a certain way.", "Not bad,but workers can look weird if they understand you're foreign :)", 'I just had to leave a review about how great the burgers are at this small pub. It’s worth the short walk from downtown to get one of this guy’s jalapeño cheeseburgers. My pic is not that great but the burger was outstanding! I also got a side mixed salad of shredded beets, carrots and cabbage to balance out the nutrition and it was huge and came with a tasty light dressing.  Great beer selection and very reasonable prices too. Friendly owner will help you choose beers if you ask. Go here.', 'the pub has a very cozy and relaxed vibe, with really great and affordable food and drinks as well. the staff were all super friendly and attentive. there is both indoor and outdoor seating. i highly recommend you to give this place a try', 'Nice pub, good choice of craft both draft and bottle beer, huge tasty meals)', 'Large selections of beers from Germany, Czech and UK. Friendly staff that are good in recommending you a beer according to your taste. Awesome wings and tornado potatoes.', 'Nice and cozy place, sometimes may be crowded but has space too. And the prices are reasonable. And basic music for the weekends.', 'Great selection of beers, poor food quality.', 'Elegant environment, friendly and fast service, wide variety of beers at affordable prices and plenty choise in the snacks menu. They should increase the toilette hygiene at top notch level though, worthy of the bar itself. Overall - worth a visit for beer fans.', 'I went there because a friend decided to celebrate her birthday there and was pleasantly surprised. The place is pretty nice, cozy, atmospheric and had a band play live which really set the mood. All in all a great experience.', 'Great little pub, difficult to find but we had a couple of great nights here.', "Great atmosphere with amazing acoustic bands. Pleasant and affordable prices. The staff is friendly and cheerful always ready to make your day with a chat or drinks. It's a must to visit on weekends wether you're local or a tourist!", 'Amazing food and atmosphere. Plenty of interesting people to talk to and have fun! The prices are normal and the drinks are great!!', 'Really cool bar with a love music area but also a sit down and chill out area if you want a bit of peace and quiet. Decent selection of beers including bottles of the fine local brew Skopsko at a very reasonable price. Trends to be a younger crowd and gets very busy later on especially on Friday and Saturday nights but all ages are made to feel welcome. If you like classic rock then this is a must visit bar of you find yourself in Skopje. I look forward to getting back again in the future.', 'So nice, love the people in the bar', 'One of the best pubs I’ve been in in Skopje! Amazing atmosphere and very good food 😃', 'Awesome place for watching sports games. Delicious chiken fingers as a combo for the cold beer.', 'Great pub and very friendly service. Good vibes for good nights! Cheers 🍺', 'Strange and "old-fashioned rule": no omelette after 12:00 AM.!!..ridiculous!! So we were forced to order lunch menu: sandwiches and salads. I am still curious why this kind of menus in small bistro like this one...ps. food was "so and so"..', 'Great place, cozy and warm, home like atmosphere with great food and excellent service and huge variety of beer and cocktails', 'Best pub in the city worth visiting!\nSurrounded by the warmest people which will make you wnjoy the evening even more!', "One of the best lounge-bars, has great food and service, ton of options and friendly workers. The only thing that made me put a 4 star rating is the prices of the menu, they are a bit pricy but still in a good range I'd say.", "It was so popular place it's a shame in what a condition  it is now, a place with charme and  authenticity, I really hope someone will do something,meaning a little to be  invested in restoration", 'Nice atmosphere and good drinks', 'Fun karaoke on Saturday night, but few employees so a wait for drinks when it is crowded', 'If you are in Skopje\nand 40+\nThe one of the\nBest night places 😊', 'From the', '', '', '', 'The first time we could not find and had to come back. It is a bit hatd to find inside a local neighborhood. It is a nice place to chiil out have some beers with classical rock music. The night we were there there was a accoustic live music and we enjoyed a lot. The beer prices are reasonable.', "Best atmosphere, worst (or weirdest) service. Today, as it's Sunday night we asked when they close and learned they are open till 12am, so we started to enjoy the venue around 7pm.\n\nMy friend prefered a quiet corner, I sat at the bar, after having my beer, i talked the other 2 people sitting near about the local spirits and beers. they were regulars and gave me some advices.\n\nThe bartender was not behind the bar, she was going inside and out. After the guys on bar left the place, mine beer was empty, the bartender were going in and out (there were a total of 4 customers at the place, two were us, others were at balcony), she were like pretending i'm a ghost and waited her to stop for a while at the bar for around 15 minutes, sitting at the bar with empty glass.\n\n1-2 times she stared at me for a second, and when i want to speak, she rushed to the kitchen or out.\n\nI asked her, was it a wrong time to visit the place, she said its sunday and went.. I told her was ghosting me and i cannot order and she smiled and went again.\n\nI told my friend (my friend is a girl - in case anyone thinks she didnt want to be alone with me in the venue, we also didny have any conversation other than ordering our drinks. i didnt have anything weird, a long haired metalhead being in a rock bar, having positive conversation with the couple on the bar) to pay the bill and go, I mentioned my frustration to be the only one in the place and couldnt order for around 20-30 mins to the bartender, and she just said its sunday.. i paid and left the venue..\n\nthe place was so well designed, it was our only night at skopje, they were playing led zeppelin, i havent drink kozel dark for months and i was keen on enjoying the venue and my time.\n\nbut it happened to be a disasterous approach and i have never seen such an absurd ghosting to a customer without a reason.", 'Fantastic place, great atmosphere!', "Great bar!! Good music and you can meet there other foreigners! The guy working there is cool and he takes care of you. You can try different beers and pelinkovac. It's anyway not touristic so do not expect so many people", 'Went here 2 times, both of the times their draft wasn’t working and they didn’t actually have any craft beers only the local beers bottled.\nWe ordered the ‘traditional plate’ which didn’t contain any olives like they advertised, the yellow cheese tastes like nothing and the bread was to terribly we had to send it back. Luckily the kitchen agreed and gave us different free bread… I just don’t understand how they could’ve send this bread out to us and were somehow expecting us to enjoy it(?)\nAlso, the owner or someone else working there was so rude and inconsiderate that the was moving tables and hurt my arm and someone else working there had to apologize to me…\nSad case cause the waitress was actually very very nice, but we didn’t leave a tip just because the food and other workers were obviously less than acceptable. Honestly wouldn’t recommend. Not with that many other good bars around. (Rakjija bar)', "This place apparently had some home brewed beer which was absolutely horrible. I give it another opportunity when they've changed the keg, but it was still disgusting. They also serve bottled beer Skopsko which was OK.\nThere was this musician on lousy tuned guitar who desperately tried to impress bunch of Italians but it turned out tragicomic as he sang Italian songs in gibberish besides 2-3 words that he had managed to remember. He was funny though.\nThe toilet. Let's suppose it is educational as you learn the inner workings of how it gets flushed.\nThe terrace looks nice and the location is nice.\nThe waitress was nice as well.", 'It has a very nice atmosphere. They brew their own beer, and food is excellent. Prices are reasonable. Make sure to stop by when visiting Skopje. Highly recommend.', "No trace of artisan beers on tap. There is only one, which isn't good and very expensive compared to the general prices of the city. The music is the best about this pace", "Service is alright, drinks are nice and the aesthetics are amazing.\nBut the bands and singers are awful, loud and don't sound good at all. They should start hiring better singers or stop live music all together.", 'Barman should star listening to orders instead of just making what he thinks is good. I ordered cold machiato and he made me warm one and try to explain that that is the one i want.', 'The best local pub in Aerodrom. Small cute with very good service. Marija is very positive smiling face with very polite behaviours and soft attitude. Very good choice.', 'Good solid place to have a drink or two. The outdoor area looks quite cool. Service was not too bad either', 'Horrible service. Got me the wrong food then refused to give me right one', "It's cool to hang here\nCheap\nBut it's not a big place so 4 stars is kinda a good rating so there", '', '', 'If you are non smoker, forget about it, there is smoke of cigaretts everywhere, awful smell evrywhere', 'The best pizza and cool atmosphere,  a vast selection of beer and whiskey. Mortadela- pistachio is a must try ☆', 'Groove place. Spacious. A lot of plants. Different music every day. Great pizza. Friendly owners.', 'the best in the city', 'My forever favourite bar.\nStrong rock and roll vibe!\nExcellent variety of drinks for affordable prices.\nI highly recommend this place!', "In my opinion, the best bar in Aerodrom by far. Great music, chill vibes and good prices. The music can be a bit loud, so if you're looking for a place to chat, probably best to go somewhere else. Otherwise, would definitely recommend!", 'Pub with nice service. Beers which are the most popular in Macedonia are available: Skopsko, Amstel and Dab. They also have choice of German beers. Good rock music', 'Nice place to hang out with friends anytime in the day.', '', '', '', 'Very nice place with great ice-cream and good drinks :)', 'Drinking the best freddo espresso and the atmosphere is so beautiful and lazy.', 'cosy place, friendly staff. no parking', 'If you truly love nature, you will enjoy this place, surrounded by greenery and beautiful parks. Never miss a chance to enjoy your drink in Pogon!', 'Friendly staff, nice ambiance, good services.', 'Cool bar, good vibes. Good bar staff.', 'Great music with fino choise of beers', 'OK bar, good dj', 'Good cocktails, nice service and decor. 🍹🍸🎉💯 The place looks popular to hang out. With good space and music. 🎶🎵🎶\nThe menu could be more intuitive for English speakers. 🙃', 'We had some of the best and tastier cocktails ever here! Thanks especially to Martin the bartender who attended to our every need and was really helpful and friendly. Thanks for a great night!', 'An amazing place, they always have fantastic coctails, great atmosphere all the time, tegardless if its warm or cold. Last time we visited my friend and I had a blast and we got bonus coctails on the house. If you love unique drinks, this place is a must see!!', 'Chill atmosphere,  good location , 10/10 would visit again.', 'Came here for a drink in the evening. We paid 400 MKD for a beer and Aperol Spritz. Vibe was trendy and relaxed with good music. The staff spoke English.', 'Nice atmosphere and music ! The drinks are good and pretty affordable too !\nThe service was good too !', 'Nice place in popular Debarmaolo coffee bars district 👌,  exceptionally friendly staff...', 'The coffe tasted salty , the staff was very judgy.', 'We ordered more than 2 hours ago and the food has still not arrived. Absolutely terrible service and inhuman treatment of customers. Wish I could give 0 stars.', "Its my go to place. I love it there. Its usually not much people its quiet and atmosphere is awesome. The soups are very very tasty and very affordable. Staff is friendly. 5 out of 5. I consider this my go to place and I wouldn't change it. I feel very comfortable there. I would totally recommend it. The menu is awesome there is descent choice for vegetarians as well. Tasty food friendly staff and good atmosphere  5/5 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩", 'Good place. Has food and drinks, sometimes live music 🎶😊 not in the center, but definitely a good getaway from there 👍🏽 it is like in a mall, on the ground floor, it has a big smoking area.', 'Small place inside, huge outside seating area.  Always crowded. Not perfect, but ok place to chill. Good price on food and frinks', 'Good pub with table service, even in off-season it was pretty full. Prices are good. They have live music performances (at least in the weekends), when i was there a band was playing national and international hits. Recommended for a visit in Ohrid.', 'beautiful design inside, a bit dark. from the veranda there is a view of the Ohrid Lake. prices are a little higher than usual. there is a choice of food, drinks, beer, but nothing surprised me. a lot of space.', "A nice place in Ohrid that serves coffee, beer, drinks and food. Warm in the winter with nice music. Also there is tv where you can watch foodball. The food was nice as the beers (a nice variety of beers). Normal prices and the staff helpful, kind and quick service. There's also the ability to park in front. Overall a must in Ohrid. P.S. the toilets could be a little bit cleaner.", 'First of all the ambient and the atmosphere were good, the music was not so loud and everyone could listen to it. We were waiting for the food for about 1h 15mins for 2 club sandwiches because there was lack of plates and service. When we got our food it was cold and was not as we expected to be. Could be better experience for such famous place in its Town.', 'Nice lounge bar for drinks and shisha. Good atmosphere and music. They have different shisha flavors, a shisha costs 500 denar. The girl from the bar was very friendly, we had good and fast service.', 'Lovely little place with a lot of things to offer.\nManagers are always ready to jump in and save the situation.\nDeserts are the number one, alongside the coffees they make.', "Very long waiting time even for them to just hand you the menu. Food isn't too bad, but it depends on what you order. NEVER order the chicken fingers!", 'The staffs attitude was awful. He let us to wait too long and when he came instead of excusing he started arguing with us in a very rude way. I dont think that ill go there anymore...', '', '', '', 'Take a longe time to servis here o dont like servis everything else is ok but servis no', 'If u go in struga dont miss to visit this place.. amazing staff and excelent atmosphere', 'Very good food and nice ambient. Good prices too', 'Perfect place, wonderful people!', 'Nice and cozy place in Veles. They have good food and the staff is friendly. Order the hamn and cheese rolls and enjoy the taste. Goes perfectly with Skopsko. Friendly staff', 'The best Irish pub I have ever been at. The food is 10/10', 'Nice and decent place, a clean one, where you can have a very good pizza, beer or other beverages, or various dishes and salads. A place.to meet your friends', 'It is an interesting place, where drink & food can be quality combined. Beer is good, they have draft and craft beer. Pica - I will recommend the DaVinchi!', 'Great place! Very authentic, the staff and owners are very friendly and pleasant!', 'Great rock place. Recommend!', 'Great staff. Fluent English.', 'Great place. Nice music.', "Nice place, probably cozy atmosphere, but the fking music was turned up to 11. Couldn't even hear my own thoughts, much less the others I was out and about with tonight.", 'You can choose from all different types of coffee😍 my favorite is Bicerin & Nutella Ice coffee, and if you like cocktails this is the place!\nFavorite place to be!', 'Sweet menu 😋', 'Great place,great staff,amazing drinks and cocktail s', 'Called for a pint while waiting for a bus. Thoroughly unpleasant barman (unless you’re his mate or Irish I suppose). It  looks like a building that someone squatted in and opened  a rather shabby pub. It smells awful. Top tip:- invest in air freshener It was raining but I was reluctant to go inside it was that bad!', 'Whiskey was smooth, best taken neat.  Lively place though a bit quiet for Karaoke night in the summer', "Special night on every alternate Monday. I'm so lucky to be there on such a special night.\nLots of fun and bunch of games.", 'Great food\nGreat drinks\nGreat service', "A pub of personality, clearly a popular place to let your hair down. Unfortunately they didn't serve Boff, but alas one cannot be picky. If you're a fan of sports then I recommend you sit down with a cool pint and enjoy the entertainment.", 'Well this bar was amazing. The music was great, in the city centre near to the bus station, this bar has everything. Pool, football table, darts, sofas, comfortable sits and a good range of beers.\nThe atmosphere was very nice. We had a good time in there. I recommend this pub.', 'Good place for after work drinks. Very popular. Fair prices for the Luxembourg Central business district.', 'Small pub strategically located in the Hamilius bus and tram stops. Really nice to have a beer while waiting for the bus.', 'Great fresh Guinness served inside and outside. Nice atmosphere. Fireplace, live sports TV. Specialty evenings.', 'Always friendly service from the staff. Cosy inside and super patio for sunny days and most of the best sports on tv available.', "Few colleagues suggested this as I was looking for an Irish pub. They have great Guinness, live music (at least on Fridays - I haven't been there any other day of the week/weekend), the staff is super pleasant, and they serve a couple of options for a bite (tacos, cheese, bread, olives, etc). It doesn't get super busy, and it's a great spot for after work drinks, after a busy week.", 'I loved the atmosphere and the friendliness of the staff. Having lived in Ireland it was great discovering this place, plus it is one of the only place outside of Ireland that has cider on draft. I would definitely recommend going there.', 'A good choice of beer on tap. On thursday you have two for the price of one (happy hour) . Unfortunately the service is slow and the music is far too loud ( I like loud music but not at 6pm when there is nobody in the pub)', 'The worst place ever. They will charge you more than in menu as they did with me. And at the exit show you f$c&ks, just because you asked why?!  We met the owner or admin, who was a nice guy, but this specific barmen and security guy are so unprofessional, would never recommend, and we will never return.', 'The stuff literally said to go f&!k our selfs 🙂 just because we asked why they charged us extra 1 euro for each drink, cus 11 euro for a cup of beer seems pricey for Lux and at the exit both barmens showed me f&!ks. I was sober, civil and polite. Hope they will be fired at least. And I will tell about this and to never go there  all over internet and to everyone I know. Zero respect. And I was with friends who visited Luxembourg for the first time. This is what they saw. We are offended and would never recommend going there.', "Nice Irish pub with a big space inside and a huge balcony. There's a nice selection of beers and service is good. My last visit was during the St Patrick's day and the place was crowded with very young people (max. 20 years old). The music was electronic and probably directed to the young audience. That's not a problem at all, just not my style.", 'Best veggie burger of all time and scrumptious French fries! Great atmosphere as well, ideal to sit outside and get lost in the beautiful lower city scenery.', 'Good selection of beers! Tasty food, prices are very affordable considering location.\nI ordered sausage and beer, it was 8€!\nVery pleasant atmosphere!', 'Fries and drinks were good. We got jalapeño burger it was really spicy  and I like it, but meat inside burger was not juicy.', 'Very good burger and nice comedy stand-up events on Thursdays.', 'How can they offer nice drinks and good beer at reasonable prices in the middle of expensive-ish Luxembourg?\nNice service as well.', 'We had a company event a few weeks ago and the experience was TOP!\n\nFrom the first moment, while we were arranging with Markus for the service, we knew we took the right decision to book the White Rose.\nHe attended all of our requests.\n\nOn the day of the event, Markus was alone to serve all of us. Nevertheless, it felt like he was working with 2 more people. No delays, no problems. Everything was on time!', 'Good draft Guiness and gorgeous cocktails! Also best service EVERRR', 'Beer selection and service are outstanding 😁', "I recently visited this pub and had an absolutely dreadful experience that I feel compelled to share. I sincerely advise everyone to steer clear of this establishment due to its numerous flaws.\n\nFirstly, the bartender's behavior was beyond unprofessional and downright rude. Not only did they exhibit a complete lack of courtesy, but they also engaged in racist behavior towards my friends. This was unacceptable.\n\nAdditionally, the prices of the drinks were outrageously high considering their mediocre quality. A cider, which should be a refreshing and reasonably priced beverage, cost a whopping 9€. The exorbitant pricing coupled with the underwhelming taste left a bitter aftertaste, metaphorically speaking.\n\nTo make matters worse, the pub was unbearably hot inside. It was as if they had forgotten to turn on the air conditioning or simply didn't care about the comfort of their patrons. We were left sweating and uncomfortable throughout our entire visit, which certainly did not enhance our already disappointing experience.\n\nOverall, I strongly discourage anyone from visiting this place. The combination of an unprofessional and racist bartender, overpriced drinks, and an uncomfortably hot environment make this place a complete letdown. Save your time and money by seeking out better alternatives in the area.", "My favorite place in town for watching football on the weekend. Be mindful there's no food but they give you peanuts to munch on", "Helpful staff and wide beer selection. Highly recommend going here if you're in Luxembourg. Also bonus, there's lots of parking on the street and across the street. Only 6€ in the parking lot if you're looking to park all day.", 'Great pub to watch a bit of football on the TV.  Have a Toastie and a beer ........\nThe owner Graham is a thorough gentleman and a great host .', 'Third opening for Shamrock. Great location for after-works. Every Thursday they do buy1 get1for free on drinks. Good beer selection. There are few screens to watch sport, 1 football table and 1 pool table (2€).', 'Very simple no nonsense bar, good beer selection and lots of people after work.', 'Third bar of this amazing chain. Great beer on tap and beer nice staff. Great addition in Kirchberg district. It has darts, pool, foosball. On the negative side, it has very few tables given the size of the place. They have happy hour on Thursdays!', 'Lovely pub, but there is often no rock music...', 'I visited this cafe with a friend and we had a great time. The host was simply amazing, very friendly and welcoming. We were made to feel like we were regulars, even though it was our first time there. The decor was also very appealing, creating a warm and inviting atmosphere. Highly recommend this cafe to anyone who want to enjoy good vibe.', "Very pleasant place.  Very nice staff (didn't speak english, but that's okay).", "Best service in all Luxembourg! Great music, great drinks, and the sweetest person you'll ever meet in your life!\nMust go.", 'A very friendly place, with a lot of spirit.', 'Very welcoming and accommodating staff. Very friendly. Good food! Good beer! Would recommend!', 'Nice neighborhood place. Cosy. Good food.', 'An English pub at its finest.\n\nStep in and enjoy your time.\n\nEnglish beer granted.\n\nWe went to this pub because we had a reservation for the back area (for an event).  The entire service (with drinks, some snacks, salad, fries) was flawless.', 'The owner should be less avaricious and put more personnel in place. The poor lady attending has to prepare the drinks, meals, attend the customers and telephone. Not fair for her!', 'Race weekend so I had to Google where to watch Formula 1 and came across to this pub! Had a great time. Vibes are good. Staff is amazing. Beer is good. Food is also great!', 'Nice stuff, Guinness on tap, between a sports bar and a classic pub with traditional and more modern interior elements.\nGood burgers, interesting choices with more than your classic bacon and cheese', 'This is a wonderful little bar to stop by for a few drinks and have a chat with the locals. The bartender was very friendly and was happy to chat with us about life in the city. Drinks are also priced very well.', "Nice Place! Went there twice in a Rowe because we felt welcomed here! Nice Music ( if your into metal/rock) it's tidy and nice. Thanks !", 'The portions were HUGE. My family got a rib rack for 2 but it could’ve easily fed 4. Me and my friend ordered the kimchi sandwiches, which were also gigantic and surprisingly spicy. I usually don’t expect too much from bar food but this was definitely to be recommended.', 'We just stopped here on our way back to the Hotel. It is a nice place in a nice atmosphere. We just eat a small snack, in this case some french fries, which where made from fresh potatoes. Quite nice.', 'This place is amazing. We had Scott Burger and draft beer. Staff was attentive and food was great as well.', "Food - we ordered Scott's xl burger and chicken piri piri and we relished both the dishes. a)Scott's xl burger - The double charcoaled grilled beef patty was cooked to perfection - juicy, tender and flavorsome. b) Chicken piri piri - delicious chicken glazed with chili oil was very appetizing. My Indian palate thanked me for having it :). French fries that came along both the dishes were amazing and different from what you usually get in other places. The fries were very crispy.\n4 stars and not 5 as the menu options were limited during our time of visit.\nService - Friendly service.\nAmbiance - chill and cool. We couldn't get a table overlooking the water body but I am sure that it's an experience to dine there.", 'Went here for dinner on the patio to share small plates. Everything was really tasty! We.tried the lamb chops, burger sliders, olives and hummus....everything was very tasty! Great flavor!', 'The food was really good, the portions are big.\nThe cocktails are unique and taste yummy', 'Food was good, nothing too fancy just nice food.', 'A nice place with great potential but lazy and incompetent staff except for the one lady who was doing her best to serve everyone and kept on a smile while the others were nowhere to find.\nThe place was full and there was only one waitress serving everyone which sucks because it shows that not all the staff care about their job. They’re just there doing  nothing leaving customers and the poor lady jumping from a table to another.\n\nVery disappointing, I would only go back if everyone would have the same work ethics as that lady.', 'A good rock bar in Luxembourg. Visit their facebook page for the events, you don’t want to miss ‘em. Oh by the way, Battin Triple is my favorite all around.', "Nice place but it would be nicer if they didn't play music downstairs during concerts.", 'I am visiting luxembourg and wanted to visit this place and see the live band playing on Friday. However, they did not let me in because they dont accept credit cards for tickets!! Come on, we are in 2023. No one will carry cash anymore!\n\nNote: they accpet credit cards for drinks but not ticket, which make it weirder', 'I have been in every single country in Europe, so I can say that this is the best bar in the continent. Everything is great: from the bar staff to the DJ to the security guy to the regular customers to the dancers. If I was living in Luxembourg I would be here every week; since I live in the Netherlands, I have to resort to my monthly trips, 7 hours each way by train... And it is always worthy! You might enter by yourself but you will never feel alone: Rock Box will welcome you, give you a hell of a night and make you come back again! I have just left the bar and I am already looking forward the next visit. This is my favourite place and it will be your favourite as well if you give it a try. See you there!', 'Fine place to eat. Staff very friendly. Relaxed atmosphere. Bit small and narrow inside. Proper free WiFi. Thai Curry was tasty. Ribs were equally tasty. Not the best ever, but good enough.', 'Fish and Chips and steak were super delicious 🤤. 13.80€ for each dish ! Pretty good price and located in the old town! They also can give you tap water to save some money for drinks ;) ( great option for people from Eastern Europe 😉 ) Lovely place ♥️', 'Lovely patio for lunch. I had the salmon cakes and they were delicious. Crispy on the outside. Flavorful. Really well prepared!', 'We enjoyed a relaxed, pub-style  lunch here. Great burgers and wraps. The chilli con carne was also good. Polite, friendly service.', 'Lovely fresh food\nExcellent friendly service\nHighly recommended', 'Had lunch with colleagues. Nice food and ambience', 'Awsome music and atmosphere, super nice and helpful waiter who was a highlight of the stay. And food is to die for. Perfectly seasoned and you just melt with every bite. Highly recommended.', "Waiting staff were delightfully friendly and welcoming. With my poor French and the Waiter's better English we had a great time puzzling through translating different choices on the menu.\n\nFor €20 the dish of the day and either a starter or dessert was very good value.\n\nThe 'Plat de Jour' was prawns with sauteed carrots and wild rice was perfectly cooked. The duck, chosen by my partner, was a masticatory workout but none the less one that had the tastebuds smiling.\n\nNutella souffle for dessert was decadent and finished off a very reasonably priced meal.\n\nThis place is to be recommended.", 'Delicious Iberico ribs and the seafood platter even though a little oily.\nFast service and friendly staff.\nCosy ambience.\nAdvisable to reserve especially for dinner.', 'Very beautiful place, and the plates come with generous amounts of food. The staff was very friendly and ready to help.', 'Nice afterwork Spanish tapas restaurant and bar. It’s part of a big group in Luxembourg city. The place is warm, we went on Monday evening, not crowded, it was very cool. There are several cocktails and tapas, so good ingredients to spend a good evening.', "The noise background inside isnt well designed, food is ok nothing special.\n\nIt's not possible to get some normal cream for coffe", 'Undercooked (raw) mushrooms inbetween of chicken breast and melted cheese.\n\n2,5 eur for rasin dry fries.\n\nShame.', 'Great place to visit and enjoy a beer with a cozy view of Vilnius streets', "As a person who has never given a review, I have had the desire to review a Pub for the first time since yesterday evening. Not in a good way. I have never experienced such unfriendly bartenders in my life. We were a sports group that wanted to celebrate a victory, everything was in good conditions and we were treated unfriendly, ignored when we wanted to order, eyes rolled, no sign of hospitality. It was also not possible to add everything to one invoice, the staff was poorly organized and annoyed, which created more chaos with orders and payments. There was also a little “Peanutgate” huge drama about peanuts that HAVE TO BE PAID DIRECTLY BY CARD! \U0001fae3\U0001fae0Waitress was annoyed that there were people standing at the bar and she had a hard time getting through and your colleagues too !!!\nSorry wrong job choice🤪🤷🏼\u200d♀️🤔 I've been wondering all the time whether the business idea is to not make any money and scare people away and hope they don't stay long!? It was a Sunday and a very friendly group of women came to your pup, the normal logic is, today is a good business evening. BUT NO, not in this pup. very unfortunate! not recommended !", "Very pleasant place, we proposed to the bartender to prepare a cocktail which wasn't on the menu, and he accepted without hesitation.\nThe prices are very attractive and the basement with the billard is a plus.\nWe'll come again on our next trip !", 'Very nice place to grab some beer', 'Nice place and friendly prices. Unique selfservice bar. Recommend to visit 👍', "Great place, we go there regularly for a beer or take a couple of bottles home. I like the concept - you take a card, pour yourself a beer using this card, and then pay, it's convenient! I had a small question about beer, thanks to Thomas - thanks to him the issue was resolved.", 'Great bar! Cozy, quick service, nice beer and wine, possibility to take take away fresh beer :)', 'A great modern craft beer place with delicious foods and snacks. See their menu on their website.\nOn tap, for the most part - local brewery Belike, and polish options - brewery Pinta. And other beers on a shuffle.\nA couple of beer fridges with more craft beers in cans and bottles, again mostly Poland beers, some belgium and others.\nFood is delicious, tasty looking portions. I highly recommend jelapeno bombs. Not kidding, 3 huge jelapeno poppers wrapped in bacon, covered in cheese, coated in crumbs, deep fried, served with local sauce - unique and all time favorite.\nOrder by the bar. Tip of choice with each card payment. Cashless.\nIf i remember right, they have a few board games.\nMore space upstairs. Toilets on both floors.\nParking is public, the street is narrow.', 'Great place, we popped in here for the last drinks of the night out and were not disappointed. Great atmosphere, good choice of drinks and simple but delicious snacks.', 'I have tried several beers from the tap - every suprised me with awesome taste. Also one wheat beer can from fridge. And burger with fries and Dedes souce- delicous! Thank you Laura for good service!', "Unexpected but very cool venue. We were on our way to another craft beer bar when we passed in front of it and we recognized the PINTA (polish craft brewery) stickers on the outside glass, so we popped in. They have a very wide selection of polish craft beer (from the top breweries like pinta, browar stu mostow, funky fluid...)as well as some Lithuanian beers. 9-10 taps, great vibe and nice staff. Don't forget to also check the fridge in the corridor!", 'Nice pub located in the old town. A lot of sports shown on big screens, good selection of beers and snacks.', "Great bar, a little hard to get served when busy, but an overall good vibe. Try out their spicy wings, they're pretty tasty and come in 3 heat choices (get all three!). The only gripe is that the wings themselves are pretty small, but overall, I would recommend it. Also they show sport, if that's what you're looking for", 'Popular bar in the heart of downtown. Don’t let the name fool you, this is definitely a diverse crowd with tons of locals and foreigners alike. Whether it’s the start of your night or the end, you want to include this establishment on your list', 'My favorite pub in Vilnius. They have a good variety of beers, good rhums and tasty cocktails. They also have a long food menu with different snack and meals starting from wings, poutine or burger. I strongly recommend the double cheeseburger which is one the best burger I had in Vilnius. And last but not least, they have the best saltibarciai in town. Not joking, it’s by far the best cold beetroot soup in Vilnius.\nInside they have TVs playing sport most of the time. It’s a good place to watch F1, or some football games. Staff is really cool and speak English perfectly', 'We ordered by the QR code from the table, in the comments to the dish it was added that the dish should be without salad and coke with ice. None of this was included unfortunately the fries soaked in vinaigrette sauce. Drinking glasses was dirty, only plus was good chicken and short waiting time for food', 'One of the best bars in Vilnius! Very tasty Lithuanian food, big portions and cheap food!! You can find very good locally brewed beer. Cozy environment, big terrace outside.', 'Interesting place. Love their bar with stone leg rests. Helpful staff speaking English too. And lovely outdoor area courtyard outside shared with another restaurant.', 'One of my favourite places in the city since the first days I started living in Vilnius more than ten years ago. Extremely friendly, polite and professional staff. Very tasty, hearty Lithuanian food in copious portions. Locally brewed beer (and not only that). Unpretentious cozy environment. The owners are the sweetest and nicest people ever. Their game room is to die for. Their trivia nights are a hoot. Highly recommend both for a tourist and a local.', 'Usually I’m not a big fan of bars, but I really enjoyed this one. The food and drinks are pretty good, great service and cozy atmosphere. I’ll definitely come there again. Be ready, sometimes it could be crowded.', 'A great place for any occasion.  Friendly and caring people, delicious food, cozy atmosphere.  I recommend stopping by for lunch or coming for a full-fledged vacation at Grand Resort Vilnius.  Swimming pools, spas, play areas, comfortable rooms - everything is in place :)', 'My third time here! 💚\nCold beetroot soup is amazing 🥰', 'Really good sports bar for the ol’ footie! Food is really good, nice taste and great portions.', 'Best bar Ive ever been to. Really good food and amazing tiki cocktails! If you love soul food, rum and classic 90s hip hop, you’ll love this place too. Also shoutout to the new server who had her first day there today, you were great!', "Very nice place to hanging out for a drink or eat burgers or appetizers.\nAll is decorated 'american style' in a very stylish way.\nThere is also a dj during the evening, and they broadcast some sport event (ufc, basket bal, etc)", "Uncle Sam's American Pub is a hidden gem located in the heart of Vilnius. Surrounded by neighboring bars and clubs, this pub stands out for its unique and eye-catching design. The moment I walked in, I was immediately impressed by the intriguing neon signs and the full-fledged food track. The central bar, in particular, caught my attention with its outstanding design made by beer draft handles - it's a truly cool and creative idea.\n\nThe entire place is full of character and wonderful design ideas, making it the perfect spot for a night out with friends. The atmosphere is lively and inviting, and the staff is friendly and attentive. The beer selection is impressive, and I was especially impressed by the quality and taste of the food. The finger food was extraordinary, and I particularly enjoyed the pub's signature dishes.\n\nThe price was also reasonable, and I found the overall value to be excellent. I was particularly impressed with the quality of service, as the staff was always happy to make recommendations and ensure we had a great time.\n\nOverall, my experience at Uncle Sam's American Pub exceeded any kind of pub expectation. It's now my go-to place whenever I'm in the city center, and I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu. I highly recommend this pub to anyone looking for a unique and memorable experience. Whether you're a local or a tourist, Uncle Sam's American Pub is a must-visit destination.", 'Had a great time here,eating and drinking,fun locals and good atmosphere. Staff are frienly !', 'Really good stuff\nCool people and a special place', 'Really cool late bar in Vilnius, nice staff and a cosy environment near the centre', 'Cozy, warm and welcoming pub in the center of Vilnius. One of the best of its kind. Recommend this place for a visit, solo or in a group. If welcomed by the bartender Aleksandras - ask for The Bloody Mary - his signature drink, known for its spicyness and delicacy from Klaipèda to Vilnius. Again, recommend this place, 5/5.', "The place is nice. Bigger crowd closer to weekend, during week days it's quite chill. Got foosball game. I'd advise booking in advance on weekends", 'Great bar! We had a beer (500ml) and a wine which cost us 10 euros. Great bar staff who worked very hard serving many people and making cocktails. Great name and a great bar.', 'Prices for cocktails extremely high! Not worth it! Cocktail taste was basic nothing special for that price I would have liked something more special!\nThe service is really slow! From Five working girls only one did the job, other four just stood, smoked and did nothing!', "First visit at this bar and It was like love at first sight. Couldn't be more appreciative of a bar that had a good set of music, beautiful women serving the drinks and assisting you with figuring out the type of beverages you'd like to try.\n\nTheir recipe is their own (unique), gave their personal recommendations and fixed a drink based on my preferences and of my friend.\n\nI never had a properly, strong sour alcoholic drink until THAT DAY I visited WHJ. Like. Top tier creation.\n\nPlease give those bartending beauties a good tip of when you visit because next time I'm already planning to leave a fat tip just for the good experience, amazing interaction and help, incredible friendliness and good vibes over there.\n\nDid I mention I liked their music playlist they use at their bar?", "One of my favorite bars in the whole wide world! I've been here in 2016 and now today. Tiny bar with a big attitude, great selection of crazy cocktails, great music and atmosphere and a very friendly staff.", 'Great service, very good music if your into rock/metal. Tasty beer. A lot to do and a nice crowd of people. They even serve pizza there!!!\nThe only thing, the bartenders look a bit depressed.\nGive them a raise and cheer them up.\n:)', "I visited this place on Halloween, they offered a free strong shot for being all spooky and creepy looking since it's Halloween. The atmosphere design wise is pretty, like an underground dungeon or tunnels.", "It is a nice cosy bar in the cellar of an old building. You can play beer pong, darts and board games for free. Furthermore there is a football table which you have to pay for. I haven't tried the food, so I don't know whether it tastes good or not.", 'Viktor Stefan and Albert are the best hosts!!! You will have the best time here in Vilnius. Not abusive prices. Really recommended!!!', "The atmosphere is very nice and cozy, the music is kind loud but that's what u expect going to place like this right 😁😅, depending on the day of a week it can be either empty or crowded ( mostly fridays and weekend it's hard to pass through the crowd ), drinks r nice but more on a expensive side, hence the popularity of the club i guess, service is good, although u can forget to served fast if it's weekend 😅.\nOverall good experience.", 'The bouncers here are nothing. Either they don’t  let you in or they can’t protect a customer willing to take a chill beer.  go to this place if you  don’t want any service. Choose another option and be grateful to mitigate the dangers of vilnius gatve. Anywhere else is more safe then this piece of garbage where service for customers is the last thing any of the employees will care about.', 'La Birra used to be my usual spot to visit but they lost my charm pretty swift. Bartenders working like they\'ve been forced to work there (I get it, not all jobs are great) but It didn\'t really make me look forward to staying there for long.\n\nIt felt like any time I tried to buy a drink It was like "Ugh, leave me alone" type of energy from the bartender.\n\nBefore paying a visit I read about the reviews with the security guards being weirdos and had my own experience — Midway into entering the bar one grabbed my backpack and swiftly let it go, thought I had a back strap get hooked into the door handle but ... No.\nIt was a grown man trying to cartoonishly grab my bag last second and investigate like 2 minutes ago he wasn\'t just chatting and messing around with another security guard.', 'Perfect place to grab a beer and watch sports in the centre of Vilnius.\nThey also have a long menu with different and international dishes, and not expensive at all.\n\nThe staff isvery friendly and it is usually busy during the weekend.\n\nYou can also enjoy the terrace during good weather days and watch the TV from there too.', 'Apparently 22 eur/person bill isn’t enough for the owner, so we were forced to order more or leave the pub. Also arrogance of the owner was next level. The owner gave us a speech about “how we don’t understand business because we didn’t go to business school and that we have to grow up to undestand life in general”. I’m 26 years old for the reference. I guess the business school to which the owner went didn’t teach about the ethics of communication with your clients... I have never been treated in such a way in other places in Vilnius and I have been to numerous places. All in all, I won’t be coming back here.', 'Great cosy place, fast service, tasty snacks and drinks.', 'I coming there because of amaizingly delicious snacks as snails and shrimps or duck sandwich. So far menu is great. Hope they will change time from time. But these meals i mentioned is worth to try. Ribs are not so good.', 'It’s not just a good pub for a drink, their food is really amazing too! On a scale that’s much better than pub food, so you definitely need to try it! Drinks were good too of course and the service was friendly and attentive. I’d definitely visit again, recommend to book in advance as there’s not that much seating and it gets busy very quickly!', 'Pour yourself a beer! Awesome idea. Cheap as well. Can go through different beers ciders and other drinks quickly.', 'An interesting bar where you pour your own drink. While it is a novel and unique concept, there is a lack of bar atmosphere and it feels like fast-food restaurant themed bar', "One or the best bars in the hood - the staff is professional, nice and the beer selection is marvelous. The idea that You can easily try any beer You want and fill your glasses by yourself is making this place likeable and makes You want to come back there again and again.\nDon't forget to try their snacks - prices are reasonable for a quality and taste. Visit this bar, drink their beers - You won't regret.", 'While the idea is interesting and the beer comes out cheaper than in other places, the beer you get is not always of best quality, one time the co2 tank was running low, sometimes the beer is stale because they probably don’t pour a glass of each beer in the morning as they should, sometimes if the keg is running low you may get a not so fresh beer. Recommendations for best results, pick something popular that is above 50% content of the keg so you’re sure it’s not old', 'I actually don’t know how you guys do it. Nice personal and nice cheap beer. Are you guys money laundrying or part of the mafia, or do you just have a massive heart for alcoholics like me. Anyways, great place and I’d recommend it to everyone.', 'Good food and even better prices. Very good location and opening times.  Beer is less then 2 euro. Bottle of vine less then 8 euros. Average price of hot dishes around 3.5 euros! Really recommended. Will be visiting again soon.', 'Not as busy as other nearby bars of the same chain, but good service and tasty cheap food.  €4.49 for a main meal (I had a pork schnitzel, which was great) and €1.80 for 400ml of beer.', 'Decent venue and decent drinks. But just a little message to the front of house staff; Bartenders and waiters/waitresses: Smiling 😊 once, JUST ONCE in your lives, will NOT kill you... I understand that it’s a cultural thing in the Baltics to always look and act like you’re depressed but I’ll tell you what, smiling at your customers, particularly the male ones from female staff members, will send them FLOCKING back to your business, especially when they’re one of the only people in the bar. Trust me 😉', 'The best Chicken Kyiv in the town, country and a world! We already return for it few time.\nReally nice place for a dinner. Tasty food, reasonable prices, good service. Also, they have really good check out system, where you shouldn’t wait for a waiter but can just scan QR code and pay.', 'The place is open late. The staff is not very friendly. We waited for our order for an hour (it was one starter and one main dish). The food is okay, fish and chips are served interestingly with black breading and thing fries. Looks nice but oily and too crunchy.', 'Went to book. Table but they were a bit aggressive on the mandatory tipping policy and the minimum amount of money we need to spend on each person. So we cancelled the reservation. But atmosphere looked nice though. Need people skill improvement and that might do the trick.', 'Dirigentai is a very nice place for a night out with friends. Menu is quite short and simple, food comes out quite fast and the quality is fine. The beer list is impressive. Overall I do not think they deserve a five star rating as they do not aspire to 5 star league. But a solid 4 star is justified. Aaaaa….. prices are acceptable and adequate to sevice and quality.', 'Taking classic European flavours to a modern level, Meat Lovers is a superbly decorated and warm restaurant with accommodating staff and a delicious menu. I would have appreciated more Lithuanian beers/wines but that is my only criticism. Would highly recommend', 'Great place and food I would say. Looks really fancy but the prices are decent. We had pork ribs and duck steak. Both were amazing. Also, homemade lemonade and iced tea are perfect.\nTotally recommend!', 'Nice spot just a bit confusing that for a very small menu 3 items were not available. So we ended up not ordering mains and there wasn’t much options.\nBut appetizers and drinks were great! Service on the other hand definitely not the best as servers didn’t seem to care at all.\nBut overall it was an okay experience.', 'A fantastic meal! I had the schnitzel and it was the best I’ve ever had! The service, atmosphere and food was all 5 star worthy. They have dine in options and a beautiful outdoor terrace. Located in the old town, you should add this to your ‘must-dine’ list. I would certainly go back and try more dishes.', 'Good place for dinner with friends. Portions are not huge but tasty, try some starters first.', 'Group of four (4) went for dinner during non busy hours. Food was amazing,  had the duck, fried cheese platter and apple pie. The mixed drink i had from their cocktail menu was not worth it, there hot chocolate was okay.\n\nThe service was quick, waiter checked in periodically to for drink refills.\n\nThe atmopshere was great, we were by the fire and the music was nice and relaxing.\n\nOverall id recommend eating here and would eat here again. Great experience overall.', "🌿 Green House Restaurant Review 🌿\n\nLocation: 📍🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 (5/5)\nFood: 🍽️🌟🌟 (2/5)\n\nRecently, I visited the Green House Restaurant 🌿, and I have mixed feelings about my experience. The location is truly fantastic 🏞️, with a beautiful and serene atmosphere that makes it a perfect spot for a date night 💑 or a relaxing family dinner 🥂. With lush green surroundings 🌳🌳, it feels like an oasis in the midst of the city 🌆.\n\nHowever, I was quite disappointed by the food 🍲. I had high expectations, considering the lovely setting, but the dishes served were below average 😔. The presentation was not up to par 🍛🚫, and the flavors just didn't come together as they should have. I found the menu lacking in variety, and the dishes I tried were quite bland and uninspiring 🍲😕.\n\nThe service, though, was friendly and attentive 🙋\u200d♂️🌟. The staff were warm and welcoming, which made the experience slightly better. But, sadly, it couldn't make up for the lackluster food quality 🍽️💔.\n\nIn summary, the Green House Restaurant 🌿 is a great spot for its picturesque location 🌳🌟, but the food is a letdown 😢. If you're looking for a scenic venue for a special event 🎉, you might consider it; but if your priority is a delicious culinary experience 🍽️🤤, I suggest you explore other options.", "I had an exceptional dining experience at Old Green Grill House today. From the moment I walked in, the warm and cozy ambiance set the perfect tone for a delightful meal. The service was impeccable, with attentive staff who were knowledgeable about the menu and made excellent recommendations.\n\nNow, let's talk about the food - it was simply outstanding! Each dish was bursting with flavor and made with the freshest ingredients. The chef's attention to detail was evident in every bite, and I couldn't get enough of the delicious flavors.\n\nThe Old Green Grill House truly stands out as a top-notch restaurant. I'm already looking forward to my next visit and trying more of their delectable dishes. Thank you for a memorable dining experience!", 'Lovely place with charming ambience and positive vibe. I truly enjoyed my super yummy pumpkin soup and salmon with majestic view of Cathedral.', 'Amazing location with a view of Cathedral square. Deliciuos food, I can highly recommend pasta with prawns and burger.', 'The best place in Vilnius!  The cocktails are simply amazing... Thank you for such a wonderful experience and I am sure I will be coming back soon.', 'Coffee good and strong as it should be.\nBlack Forest cookies and Signature dessert Honey Cake are very tasty, refined in every detail and nicely served.\nService very nice and smiling.\nYou can drink coffee and try a delicious cake while looking at the Cathedral Square.', 'Great wings. Buffalo was really good. And the fries are extra crispy.', 'A very nice, cool place in the city centre. They have a great selection of beers and good apple cider on tap. the wings are great! We liked the pepper ones, and these ones as well as bufalo are also gluten free. The guys were understanding and checked for allergens for me, so thank you! 😊', "I've dined here several times in Vilnius, and the wings never disappoint. On this visit, we had the pepper and buffalo wings, which were both delicious. This establishment gets an A+ for its craft beer on tap and huge quantities of french fries. I can't wait to return.", 'Absolutely fantastic. Good quality food, great beers, and friendly staff. Would come again!', 'I found myself in Kaunas, Lithuania and in need of a beverage. We spotted Rebels and dove in.  A nice selection of local beers on tap served by a very friendly gentleman bartender. We also had a meal and the food was good.  Good table service and the ability to sit outside if desired. 5 star rating for the dart board availability, not ready to find in these parts.', 'Photo - last cocktails served this Thursday’s evening. Place was closing at 23:40 when the info here says working till 1 AM.', 'Fantastic pint 😋 good food and super staff.', 'Good variety of beers including local brews. Nice variety on the menu- quiet spot Friday afternoon so not as atmospheric as would have liked', "Great bar with a good choice of beers and some craft beers. Food awesome, great pizzas and best chicken wings i've ever had. Does show some sky sports games and F1  but not if the local basketball team are playing. Food is ordered on app or with waitress and not at the bar. Would of been 5 stars but the bloke behind the bar was a miserable git", "Very nice place I try to visit it everytime I'm in Kaunas. Friendly staff good choose of beer from the small local breweries and from worldwide. I highly recommend it. Last time forgot my hat there so this is a sign that I'll come back there again", "An amazing pub in the heart of the city centre next to the fountain! Sitting inside or outside are both great options. Try as many beers as you can, it's really worth it! The prices are so good, a glass is around 3-4€", 'Best bar in kaunas! Professional bartenders that know what they make. They know which ingredients to use in a good gin tonic. Top notch place and good atmosphere', "Officially favourite place in all Kaunas. Went with fish and chips and BBQ ribs and can confirm it's the only real fish and chips( with correct coating and ACTUAL tartar sauce) in Lithuania and BBQ ribs cooked to perfection, melted off the bone, with a delicious sweet crust. Also tried brisket with mac and cheese (ball) and it was delicious 😋 Will be back again and again!", 'I really liked the rustic vibe of the decor, the ribs were very soft and tasty. Wish there was more meat in the “nachos with ribs meat” starter.', 'Beer - many types. But meat? Oh dear - Burger with ribs amazing. Ribberis Burger 11/10.', 'Fantastic food and great atmosphere in the heart of Kaunas. Amazing fresh food and staff were super helpful when helping me pick the right amount of food and which drink complimented it best. Lovely outside area and very relaxed atmosphere. Can’t recommend highly enough, 10/10.', 'I just happened to be in Kaunas, Lithuania and in need of a coldie. Dr.  Google and a few steps later brought us to Genys Taproom. Centrally located in the walking district with a nice selection of beers on two that rotate regularly.  Good service and the ability to sit outside if desired.', 'First of all,  great place for a beer fans. My personal favorite one is Raspberry Milkshake Ale "Sixth Month". Fried cheese with jalapenos was pretty good addition for a pint of beer.', 'Great team. Amazing local beers and really cool toilet!\nThank you  for your hospitality and support to Ukraine!!!!', 'Excellent local brewed beers. I had the Baltic Porter, Lemon/Orange & Pastry sour ale and finally the potent Imperial Tropical sour ale, while the wife was shopping! Had a nice glow after that 😃', 'Nice place to have a beer.', 'Cheap Kaunas beer (0.5l - 2.5€; 1l - 3eur), good, tidy environment, big TV for sports competitions and series.\nNear bus stop, park;\nlocking the bike only to the railing (2-4vt)', 'The saleswoman is drunk, she dines with customers. When asked if the beer was fresh, they refused to serve it.\nSells takeaway beer on Sundays after 3pm.', 'Good football TV, fun atmosphere', 'The tom aunt at the cash register keeps order. Otherwise, authentic local fare.', 'Always good company.', "fine kabak, just some kind of clown with zhalgiri's mike is spreading around, who gave him that mike?", 'Gadyca, keep the beer delicious!!!', 'Food is so salty,service is nice, when i ordered they told me i cant order half of the things i wanted, i saw that beer is cheap, looks like a place for homeless people', 'real authentic post Soviet bar experience. beer 170 cents. real drunks, real people. just dont be scared or sentiment,  go in and drink one or two pints before your train trip', 'Horrible, dirty and stinky. As foreigners, we just wanted to buy a small snack before taking the train to Vilnius, and the bartender was so rude to us. When we tried to translate the menu with our phone camera, she started yelling at us saying "no photo no photo". We had to leave.', 'Really authentic bar with great bears, nice music and perfect for bigger groups!', 'Nice place with tasty food and a good selection of craft beers. The staff is friendly and speaks English -- even though there was no English menu available at the moment of our visit, everything went smoothly. The local specialty "Šaltibarščiai" was delicious, as well as their lager beer(can\'t recall the name).', 'Nice people, very good food and an extraordinary atmosphere!', 'Cozy place, nice customer service, bartender really knows her drinks. Good place to spend evening with friends', 'Really friendly, good beer and food!', "Real chill place, accidentally went in when it was a basketball game, so the company is mainly men, but that didn't bother to get drinks and have fun. Prices are decent, the view is absolutely amazing, especially during sunrise. Staff is nice and simple, you can pay with credit card from 5€ and up. So baasically if you want to hang out with some friends - that's definitely a place to go. Will make sure to comeback on Karaoke Tuesday.", "Good beer, but that's it. Do not order food here, please, for your own health, the food is terrible here, tried 3 dishes( fried bread with cheese, beef burger and chilli soup) all of them terrible and i never complain about food. Dear managers please fire whole kitchen and start all over again. And the cherry on top, one of bartenders spitted in to the trash bin while I was ordering food...", 'Definitely worth it for the view of the boardwalk. A cool place for a drink.', 'It’s a nice bar to chill out, sometimes the bar it’s slow and the atmosphere depend in the day you choose to go', 'Food is very delicious. Everything is handmade. Appetizers are super! Strongly recomend spicy beef and hangover burgers. Also very nice tuna dishes :)', "Delicious burger and the beef cheeks were good too. Keep in mind you can't order from the table, and the service is a tad slow, but the food is worth the wait. Located on a quiet street, it's a nice place to visit!", "I'm very happy that I visited this place. Quite good variety of beers & ciders and fantastic food (especially burgers)", 'We had degustation of 4 beers and it was worth it. Amazing value for the price, only 6.4€. So many great beers to choose from. Very friendly staff.', "It's normal", '', '', '', 'This is *the place* for a cocktail in Kaunas, excellent bartenders with great knowledges of drinks and alcohols, nice and cozy location, good music and overall good vibes.', 'To put it simply - a hidden gem in Kaunas. Theater made into a bar. I liked the atmosphere and drinks.', 'Great bar, very nice surprise! The cocktails are expensice but delicious.', 'Cute hipster bar with a chilled vibe. Cocktails are really good.', 'Good', '', '', "If you don't know how to work with food, don't work with food.  The burger is nothing like what is pictured. No sauce, the bacon is cold and not yet cooked, the meat is dry. Had to throw it away.", 'I ate vegetarian pita burger and it was super amazing! Not too much pita, amazing taste and the staff is really nice too!\nBy the way, the interior is also good!\nRecommend:)\n\nP.S Next time I had veggie burger and it’s ever more awesome!', "Lovely service,  nice vibe and music.  Lunch veggie burger was okay, but nothing special. The starter soup looked good though,  I didn't want that and they minused 1 euro from the bill which I wasn't excepting. Would try again something else.", 'My recent experience with Sventas Dumas was extremely disappointing. I placed an order for tacos with chips and BBQ pork ribs with chips and coleslaw through the app. Although the delivery was prompt, the quality of the food left much to be desired.\n\nTo my dismay, the first taco I unwrapped contained a hair, which immediately killed my appetite. Unable to proceed with the taco, I decided to give the BBQ pork ribs a chance. Unfortunately, they were disappointingly cold and lacked any distinct flavor. Even after a few initial bites, the overall taste failed to impress. The coleslaw that accompanied the meal was drenched in excessive mayonnaise, resulting in a watery consistency that further contributed to the unsatisfactory experience.\n\nRegrettably, I had no choice but to discard the entire meal after trying the coleslaw. The lackluster quality of the ingredients used in these specific dishes raises serious concerns. I cannot in good conscience recommend ordering from Sventas Dumas based on this experience alone. The value for money was poor, considering the subpar taste and the unfortunate presence of a hair in one of the tacos.\n\nUpon reaching out to their customer support, I was offered a mere 20 percent refund, which I found inadequate given the overall disappointment and the need to discard the entire meal. A full refund would have been a more appropriate resolution considering the circumstances.\n\nConsidering the underwhelming food quality, including cold and flavorless BBQ pork ribs, the coleslaw drowning in excessive mayo, the unfortunate presence of a hair in the taco, and the necessity to discard the entire order, I am compelled to caution others against ordering from Sventas Dumas.\n\nIn light of this highly unsatisfactory experience, I have no intention of patronizing this establishment in the future.', 'A Kaunas Gem for Beer Lovers!\n\nThis craft beer spot in Kaunas Old Town is a must-visit. Great beers, delicious food, and friendly service. Highly recommended! 🍻👌', 'The only downside of this pub is that it only opens at 5pm and I can’t daydrink there. 12 craft beers on tap: from IPAs to sour ales. Zirga Galva IPA and Milkshake Ale were definitely my favourites. Definitely best craft beers in town, maybe in the whole country.', 'Best place for craft beer in Kaunas. Friendly staff, great selection of best lithuanian craft drinks, cosy atmosphere. 10/10', 'Cozy place, fantastic beer an the bar tender was very kind and welcoming.', 'Nice beers for fair price, had some dinner which was good, the portion wasn’t big but fair for the price', '', 'Another newly reborn place in Kaunas. There was such a successful bar in Kaunas in the interwar period, Palė Alė, this is a hint to that... only in almost a century, a number of positive changes have taken place😉\nOrders are taken at the bar. The chicken schnitzel was a real feast: big, juicy, perfectly cooked, next to fries, pickled vegetables with mashed cabbage!!! The menu is small and not boring, they say that they took inspiration from interwar recipes, they are not afraid to experiment and interpret, they will try to show that Lithuanian gastroculture can be interesting😉. On weekends, you will be invited with a late breakfast. As the name suggests, a wide selection of sparkling drinks. Well, in addition to the same, the prices "don\'t bite". Credited👍', 'A gloomy Sunday afternoon was brightened by the bartender and chef of this place! 😎\nThe food is amazing, the atmosphere is very good 🥳💞', 'Came at the pub asked if you close soon, they acted annoyed, then I asked again and then she said we work until 3am, then we ordered because until the close time was 1,5h.The bodyguard came gave us some threats for no reason. Very bad service, would never go again. Scary to visit.', 'Good selection of lithuanian craft beer, friendly barmaid.', "Great spot in Klaipėda to grab pint of Guiness listening to bartender talking 'zemaitiskai' !", "the barmen was very rude. second time I come here. no manners. she looked angry and behaved inpolite. food was ok, prices don't bite. but could be more friendly. not recommended", 'Excellent music and great service. Delicious snacks and large selection of beers. Was absolutely packed on a Friday night. I’d like to come back here next time in Klaipeda.', 'My husband and I arrived late for one quick drink and ended up staying for hours!\n\nThere is a very well stocked bar however we stuck to beer and cider.\n\nThe atmosphere is lively accompanied by awesome tunes.\n\nWe met friendly locals and generally had a brilliant time!', 'Great music, fast and friendly service. Food options are great, just wasn’t to my taste.', 'Why? I asked myself.  A bar in Klaipeda named after a 1970s Irish rock star. Apparently, the owner likes him, so why not! We went in a couple of times whilst in Klaipeda. All was good. A wide range of drinks with a pub food menu. I tried a variety of beers from 4 euros to 5.5 for .5lt. My partner had a large wine (200 ml), and the total came to 12 euros. We were not hungry, so we just ordered a side of french fries. These were tasty and came with a selection of sauces.\n\nMenu in Lithuanian and English.\n\nFinally, I saw Rory Gallagher play in the late 1970s at Lancaster University. He was pretty good!', 'The nicest service in the city. Perfect place to chill out and eat good food', 'One of the best burgers in town', 'This one of best cozy restaurant in Klaipeda! Such a nice environment, nice hospitality, delicious dishes, beautiful presentation, a big wine list and wonderful desserts. I recommend to everyone! I would like to come back here again and again.', 'Made a reservation. Sat down early for some drinks and snacks. Ordered the Club 26 platter. Everything was good, except the fried anchovies, they were way too salty.\n\nReservation time came and party of 4 tried to order steak. We were told by the waiter “they didn’t have anymore steak”.\n\nDon’t recommend this place if visiting unless you are the first served of the day for a better chance of having steak.', 'Great place with 90s rock and some board games. The service is very good and there are several types of beer to pick from.', "Perhaps not everyone would feel at home in this pub due to its casual atmosphere, but it's a fascinating and distinctive spot in Klaipeda where you might encounter intriguing individuals. It's certainly worth checking out!", 'Best rock pub, very drunk, very cozy, feels home. Much wow.', 'Realy fun place to meet with your friends :)', 'The bar is exclusive. ! Older style, but very cozy. Staff Pleasant, helpful. Music Good!', 'The bartender was looking for tires there, he asked all the customers, so I have an offer, maybe you still need it', 'One of the most beloved bars! Karaoke, music, songs, dances, very fun atmosphere. Good luck to them, keep it up!', "Now we don't visit anymore, something has changed and not for the better. The service staff is very unpleasant", 'Delicious kibinis, kindly received with a puppy.', "That's not the place in the photo, it's a disgusting place, don't go there.", 'living place', 'Good place', 'On Friday night awful kids music playlist…Better try Thursday…\nCatastrophic „Macarena“ after AC/DC!!!!\nStaff has obviously neither taste nor GRACE!!!\nPurely cruel engagement of mood-killers.\nLeaving now…', 'They use some sketchy stuff to increase their ratings on google reviews and to make em look way better than it is. For some reason I wasnt able to post a 1 star review on this terrible place for a long time. Worst experience ever. -1 out of 5. Do not recommend. btw i rarely write bad reviews but this damn barn will always hold a special place in my heart lmao🤣 The worst of thw worst.', "Cannot comment on food since I didn't order any but drinks are good, bartenders are friendly, and the vibe is on point with a good time.", 'Nice interior. Very quiet when off peak, plenty of seats, overall good vibes.', 'My favorite wittering hole :)', "'90-'00 style bar with cheap beer", 'Best bar in the town!', 'Best hole in the planet :)', 'I like here. Wonderful sound system and everything make you happy', 'Coctails from a list are made nice and professional. Music bit too loud and lights aggressive but all along around the neighbourhood fine place to go on Sunday =)', 'The bartenders are really nicee and funny \U0001faf6🏻', 'Suprer coctails, nice music bravo', 'Cozy place to enjoy your evening. Friendly staff, perfect hookah and tasty cocktails', 'Best  cotails in town, super nice stuff , great hooka. Realy recomend to visit with a friend or fore date night ;)', "Amazing coctail bar, the cocktails are like I've never seen before, the staff is really helpful and friendly, shishas are really good, the bar also has a terrace so in the hotter seasons it's amazing to hang out with your friends", 'Cozy and nice place.', 'Good pub', 'Nice', 'Jack lemonade!', 'It was not possible to order any of the desired dishes. I had to eat the offered dish, but the food was really tasty. At noon, there were not too many people, we had to wait about 30-40 minutes.', 'The only and only place in Šiauliai where you can hear decent music and just chill.', 'Space bar is nice place to have a good time', "On the weekend's it is the place to be if you like electronic music", 'Nice place to have some fun ;)', 'Good club! Good girls !best coctails', 'Great Place! Flexible! Amazing drinks and atmosphere! 5 star team and services!', 'Best place in town, high class service and hookahs, large variety of drinks to choose from.', 'Great unexpected party', 'Enjoyed my time here. Staff were pleasant.\n\nHad a pool table, punching machine, and chess board for entertainment.\n\nNice area to sit outside.\n\nToilets were a bit grubby, though, and not for the faint of heart.\n\nMade a decent aperol spritz.', "We came here to play Snooker.\nThere was no bartender so we waited 10 min. Then the man sitting on the bar asked us if we wanted something. We said yes, so the same men was the bartender. But we have waited 10 mins already right next to him.\nWe played Snooker, after two rounds we had to leave, so the opening hours need be actualised.\n\nThe Guinness beer was old and warn off.\n\nUnfortunately can't recommend it.", 'Around 3 o\'clock in the morning, we were on our way to the AirBnB when we fruitlessly searched for a bar with freshly tapped beer and some atmosphere. Along the way, we passed by a pub named "Victory." The name seemed promising, so we decided to go in. At the door, we were approached by a friendly, older man who bore a resemblance to the German politician Friedrich Merz. He explained that we should talk to him, as there was an exciting show happening in the basement - a bachelor show. Being young and curious, we ventured into the secret basement. We were well aware that it was probably a scam, yet the ladies were very nice. Thanks to you, Friedrich, who acted like Pablo Escobar, for this unforgettable evening!', 'Cool place for chess! As advertised online they meet every Tuesday night at 6:30pm for chess, but I’m here at almost 7:30pm and no one is here for the blitz tournament.', 'Good bar & restaurant. Tasty and wide food selection. Service very good and attentive. Reasonable price. Located in Old Riga', 'A great pub / restaurant serving a wide range of ales. The food was reasonably priced, tasty and in huge quantities! Staff were excellent; friendly and efficient and knowledgeable of their beers.', 'We ate Fish and Chips and it was simply delicious. Thank you. It was busy hour so we waited ab. 40 minutes, but meanwhile… they have food beers😋', 'One of the nicer places in the old town. Great service, pub dishes on restaurant levevel. Well worth a visit. Oh and the beer advice was spot on!', "Pros: Great beer selection, delicious food, WiFi, friendly staff\nCons: found a few tiny bones in the fish and chips which is uncommon (I didn't mind the gherkins instead of peas)", 'Wonderful bar. The bartenders are very nice and have great service especially Rebeka. She makes everyone feel welcome and ensures that that everyone is having fun', 'Good service, a lot of beers on tap.', 'Very good beer. The service here is very nice. Pleasant environment and good prices. I can recommend.', 'The atmosphere in this restaurant is super cozy. Decorated with great taste (loved the colors!). Service was very friendly and the recommendations the staff made were on point. Food was delicious and so were the drinks! Would def visit again.', "The first negroni bar in the Baltic states!\nVery cozy atmosphere and an astonishingly large cocktail menu.\nSaw some people eating delicious looking shrimp too.\nI had the pepper infused negroni. Perfection.\nI wish I could try them all but then someone would have to carry me home.\nThe menu is so witty and diverse.\nIf I lived here I would come for a drink every day.\nYou gotta try this place which doesn't need a name.", 'Vwry chilled and cozy atmosphere. Portion of meals were big (on breakfast) and it was delicious. Some combinations may seem unusual, but the are very good. It is pitty that the place is very small and dont have much seats. And just have on mine that prices are higher.', 'Tiny place but great vibe and tasty breakfasts. We had the sourdough - very filling, lots of avocado, I loved the spicy hummus! - and Canada pancakes - super fluffy and tasty. The lattes were great as well. Very nice staff.', 'Enjoying a pint after a beautiful walk from our office to the old town of Riga. What a view at Kiwi bar. The same positive atmosphere and lovely staff. Love this place. Elina is a best bartender!', 'Full of middle aged guys like me watching sport during the day. Young ones came for a beer then left. Maybe various channels showing different sports rather than all the 10 tvs showing the same golf game? Small bar with a deck. Looked like a fun bar but that was probably during the evening.', "Great bar, sister bar to Funny Fox. Great service by a single person who seems to run the whole place! She has blonde hair and glasses but didn't catch her name but very attentive and polite service! Will definitely return!", "Whilst on our trip to Riga city we had to stop by Kiwi Bar (being kiwi's ourselves it was a must) little did we know that we would always end up here late and or to closing fueled by the a couple of amazing barmaids (Elly & Valerija) which always kept the atmosphere alive and thriving and full of laughs.\n\nThe layout and entertainment was perfect and there was never a dull moment whilst the nights we were there.\nMyself and other 2 friends made sure we purchased a shirt before we left as some memorabilia to take with us back home.\n\nOnly dislike was lack of NZ money pinned up behind the bar :p\n\nOverall would love to go back again in future so it might be on the cards soon :)", 'So, I was very kindly asked if I would like to make a Google review for this bar. I believe this is the second google review I have ever made in my life and I am absolutely honored to be doing it for the Funny Fox. I have lived and worked in many countries in my life and this is by far one of the best bars I have ever been to. The people that work there are incredibly kind and really have made an atmosphere unparalleled to any other. Great drinks, great people and great karaoke. I was only in Latvia for a few days, but every night I knew exactly where to go. I am incredibly grateful to all the staff of the Funny Fox and know that this is a place, if you are a lone traveler, you will leave this establishment with more friends than you came into Riga with. In fact, I met someone from a different country my last night there who said they had a friend that passed away. Before that friend died, they recommended the Funny Fox as the top place to go in Riga. We got to honor his friend’s memory and I know there is no better place in the world to do so than here. A very, very big "paldies" to all of the workers there and I am looking forward to the next time I am in Riga just to hang out at the number #1 bar in all of Europe. If you’re a local, it’s perfect. If you’re just traveling through, they will make you feel like a local. If you are ever here in this city, I ask you to do a favor and enjoy this most  amazing and beautiful place in the heart of Riga.', 'Exceptional staff at Funny fox in Riga! The warm welcome and assistance with song selection made our karaoke night unforgettable. The bartenders crafted delicious drinks, with top-notch service and genuine smiles. The atmosphere was vibrant and fun. Thanks to the wonderful staff, especially Kristina, Yana, Emily and Valerie for making our visit exceptional. This place is a must-visit for a fun night out. Kudos to the amazing team! Highly recommended!', 'These girls put the funny in fox Kristine especially. Best bar service Iv ever had, and the best alcoholic beverage Iv ever had. Great place to bring your kids and bro down', 'Rugby World Cup plays here + karaoke 👍\nI asked what types of beer were 2 listed\nBartender: "Want to try?"\nMe: "Ok!"\nBartender brings 2 large beers.\n🤦🏾🤷🏽\u200d♂️', 'Great cozy pub with delicious beer. The place is ran by the nicest lady.', 'Initially enjoyed the beer and shots, called in to watch the Liverpool game. But for reasons we are still unclear of were asked to leave before the end of the match 🤔👎🏼. (Little disappointed)', "Great traditional Estonian boozer. Most of the clientele are local. For a quite unfussed drink couldn't be beaten.", 'Glorious institution, the highest to be found in all of Riga, can imagine it to be the setting of a Tom Waits or Nick Cave lyrical concept with Mark E Smith grovelling in the corner', 'This is a pearl in downtown Riga. Good food, good beer (a lot of choice) and very nice people. Pavel is very service minded, but really all of them are. I can certainly recommend this place for a lunch or dinner', 'This place is amazing.  Huge selection of beers and the food is great.  If you gonhere you must try the unfiltered lager.  That was the best beer I’ve had in years - just perfect.  We also had the Black burgers with venison and lingonberry.  Cooked to perfection - moist, tasty and served with crispy salty chips.  Heaven.', 'Hidden in a alley but once you find this place you discover an very nice terrace. They have a wide choice of beer and food. Enjoyed it very much on the terrace, would definitely recommend!', "One of my favourite places for beer and dinner in Riga. Easygoing atmosphere and very friendly staff as well as pretty good food (the ribs are superb) make me want to come back time and time again. My only gripe is with the rotating House beer recipe, I've had one absolutely excellent beer there, but it seems like I won't ever have it again, since they change what the house beer is regularly.", 'Nice place to play pool. Beer is quite affordable (I would say average price around city centre) and pool tables well maintained. Can recommend to anyone who plays pool, darts or slot machine.', '21st of August 17:00. Loved this place but the new bartender (guy) was very unpleasant. Made us free drinks which we didnt even ask for. When i aproached him i asked for beer, he said full price. I asked isnt it 1.50€ if i play slots? I got answer - but you are not there at slot machine, told him i have money already in im playing. He said - but you are not sitting there. Previous bartenders were nice and communicating but i sadly cant say this about this guy.', 'Plenty of sitting areas and the bar offers both pool and darts. Overall a great place I can recommend larger groups struggling to find a place to drink', 'Place is ok, but only for one drink.', '', '', '', '', 'Nice place and delicious coffee', '', '', 'Deserves ZERO STAR!\nI went here with a group of 4, the waitress couldn\'t be bothered to say "Hi" & didn\'t reply when greeted. She slammed menus on the table in front of us (instead of giving it to us individually) & walked away.\n\nThe service we got pretty much went downhill from then on! Each time you tried to talk to her, she just walks away. Even when you had questions about the food and drinks. The beef burger looked as if the chef threw his belt between 2 stale breads.\n\nWhen a guest pays €104 without touching his food, that should ring alarm bells in the staffs brain to make them ask the guest if everything was ok..... Not in this place. We were made so uncomfortable that we were happy to walk out into the heavy rain.\n\nThis place can learn alot from their next door neighbour which is by far the best restaurant & bar in this lovely city.', 'Mirinda. Esperanto word. Meaning "Wonderful", "Amazing"\n\nMir= Wonder\nInda=Worthy\n\nMir + Inda = Worth of wonder / Causes wonder', 'Proper cocktails , cheap beer and tasty food . Good place for a Friday night out.   Signature cocktails are highly recommended. Also very friendly staff.', 'It exactly bar. Many cocktails to drink.\nI recommend Iggi special beer and plate with snacks for beer.', 'Great place for chillaxing, inventive and well executed artisan cocktails.', 'Very atmospheric place! Delicious cocktails! They brought free water, some snacks and even compliments. I liked it very much, I recommend it to everyone for a great time 🔥', 'Very super place!!! We spent a wonderful weekend evening here. Reserve tables in advance!', 'Pleasant atmosphere, high-quality service, you will not try such drinks anywhere in Daugavpils. For bloody marys on beer separate 5 stars', 'The guest house of the meat sorter David Hoyer’s widow Margarethe Gertrude Hoyer, or the 17th – 19th century interior museum is a success story of how an important architectural landmark of national importance, an element of Liepāja’s cultural heritage, is witnessing its renaissance and is now open to the public in the open museum format.\n\nThe building has long been known to the residents and visitors of the city through the historical fact that, according to testimonies, Russian Tsar Peter the Great visited Liepāja and Madame Hoyer’s Guest House in 1697 during his “Grand Embassy” trip.\n\nToday, the 17th – 19th century museum provides a glimpse into the unique late 17th century quarters, which have been restored on the ground floor of the interior museum or so called “Madame Hoyer’s Guest House”, highlighting, and accentuating the values of the late 17th century and the first half of the 18th century, preserved through the centuries and several reconstructions.\nNot only has the original ground floor layout been restored – the tavern and Madame Hoyer’s living rooms, but also the historic mantelpiece with the bread oven, allowing the visitor to experience the atmosphere of the period.\n\nOn the second floor of the interior museum, the visitors climb up into the former attic and find themselves in a former storeroom, where they can continue their experience of the tavern and enter the rooms built in the second half of the 19th century.\nThe second floor of the museum is associated with the 19th century architecture of the building and houses the apartment of notary Christoph Wilhelm Stender and his family. It is known that the house and the tavern have been the property of notary Christoph Wilhelm Stender since 1835. The restored apartment, with its historic wallpapering and room plan, including Mr Stender’s living room, nursery, bedroom, and kitchen, reflects the idea of a 19th century home of a wealthy Liepāja resident.\n\nThe interior museum or “Madame Hoyer’s Guest House” is the outcome of several years of dedicated restoration and close cooperation between Liepāja Municipality, Liepāja Museum, and architect Liesma Markova, resulting in an interior museum with a tangible 17th-19th century feel, historical atmosphere and an offer for visitors to travel back centuries in the past.\n\nVery authentic restaurant - first floor and amazing Cafe- Stenders- (cakes to die- all home made! - second floor.', 'Nice place to stay for the rest. Authentic and well presented 17th century lifestyle.', 'Probably the best place for great meal in Liepaja! Suggest! Crayfish are perfect!', 'Interesting, historical place with delicious food.', 'Great cocktails - the bartender is skilled.  On the weekends, the music and crowd is cool.  Everyone is friendly.  Can only recommend.', 'Definitely best cocktail place in town. Not cheap, but they make best cocktails in town 10/10', 'Perfect place in Liepaja city! Good serviss. Very tasty cocktails.', 'Best bar in Liepaja and the staff is amazing. ❤️\nBig thanks to the bartenders for amaizing weekend. ✨❤️', 'We were very hungry. The burger is very basic, no extras. The small one is really small. Bun quality is low. Salad without dressing. French fries too much salt. The beer is very good.', 'I orderd BBQ almost at midnight on Wednesday. I heard how they grill my steak. Very good with baked potatos and fresh salad. Also very positive chef and grwat rock music', 'Paid 8.50 euro for fries. Food is not tasty, looks bad and expencive', 'The kebab plate DOES NOT HAVE FRENCH FRIES!!!! why, how is this possible, never have i seen this and i eat kebab plate every week, also falafel plate gives you 2 small falafel pieces, these portions are a bit ridiculous..\nthe outside terrace is very nice though', 'Overall good place and good service. This cost me 10,50EUR which is good price for two pork chops and the fries with cheese sauce. The cheese sauce was my favorite!', 'Ribs was amazing! Price is 7€ for them it is almost for free because it was really big piece of meat. Had to wait around 1h but it was 100% worth it! Definitely would suggest to come!', 'Very good if there is an event, but otherwise not the best', 'Nice place,, nice beer and food,,,I definitely here again be for i go back home to Ireland', 'Good beer, decent place to stop for a quick drink', 'The place with unique atmosphere of late soviet period. Wide range of draft beer local and imported.', 'Heaven for any beer-lover: wonderful selection of craft beer at very low prices. Unforgettable.', 'Cool place', "When we arrived from a neighboring country, we were served very badly. We couldn't buy drinks even with driving licences, they required passports. We were even asked to leave the terrace even though our friends were sitting with the drinks they had bought. We are very disappointed, we will not return and we will not recommend to others. Also, half an hour after the drinks, the friends became sick, poor quality drinks.", "A 24/7 bar attached to a casino. You can get some decent beer for a relatively good price and other drinks don't break the bank either. But don't come here for a romantic dinner.\n\nThey heat pizza slices in a plastic bag and proudly slide the slice on to your plate, with the water and fat from the plastic bag dripping. Also lasagna (or whatever it was) is taken from the freezer on demand, put in to an oven for 5 minutes and served. Luckily I didn't have to eat these delicacies, but the people I saw that did, didn't finish their portions.\n\nWe were standing in front of the bar counter for 10 minutes, before the workers paid any attention to us - each had to wait the 10 minutes, one by one, with a few others making their orders successfully in the middle . Bad service.", 'Mediocre bar in a great city. Usually the only place that is open for drinking after 23pm. The people can be somewhat interesting there.', 'Exquisite delicious cuisine, calm atmosphere and good prices. Commend!', 'Waited for 1 hour for only 4 pizzas… we were 6 people and the only ones that this cafe. The waitress mixed our order had we had to wait for another 20-25 minutes.', 'Sur the worste pub i was in Latvia.\nThe waitress is not kind at all, she makes no effort to communicate. The burgers we ordered are served without any supports as fries, salad or others. Furthermore, the meet was not cook and the products seem all to be frozen food.\nI strongly advice against this place', 'Amazing food for the price. Really good customer service with really fluent english. Understanding about allergies & allergens, gluten-free options. Highly recommended', 'Fast service with good friendly & feeling', 'Best Chebureki I ever eat! Highend taste, very juicy lamb meat, soft and thin dough! Advice: keep it eat horizontally on the paper tray so that all the juice spreads in the middle and you can taste it. It is so delicious! 5*/5*', 'The best chebureki ever!!!', 'You can be happy if they dont punch or rob you', 'Cheburek tasted OK. Place is run down and does look a little out of date.', 'While the ambience and service was generally quite good, I was disappointed with the food. The temperature of the meat soup was luke warm and it had enough dill to garnish the entire pot that it came from. The soy sauce caramel steak was served cold with far too much basil and fruit for my liking.\n\nThere is obviously better food on the menu, but I can only judge the mutual mistakes that were made on this occasion.\n\nOh, and watch out for the obscene number of wasps!', 'Nice outside seating that is directly facing the sun during the afternoon. Prices are around 10€ for the pot dishes and appetizers. Would recommend the garlic rye bread and the grey peas with bacon. The smoked hearing is good but an acquired taste. Service could be a bit more pro-active but they were extremely nice', 'We were in the end offered an apology for the delay but in my opinion quite disappointing. Food was okay but the service was not acceptable. We received our drinks after almost 30min. Food after 1hr. We saw other tables getting served before us. It is conveniently located ne t to a street leading to the beach but I would not go back. Definitely not when it is full. Bathroom was also in terrible condition.', 'A very nice cafe. We had lunch here. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the price was reasonable. Quality food and good service. Would definitely recommend this place for a good lunch with seating on the roadside.', 'I liked pork ribs it was very soft almost like marshmello. Užavas kvass was good .  view was excellent  there was old wind mill and under wind mill blades was our table .', "We were very satisfied with the food. Tasty, good size portions. Can really recommend garlic bread toasts.\n\nThere were some small issues with small part of our order, but waiters really did their best to solve it as quick as possible.\n\nWhile food was really good, i can't say the same about drinks - somehow cocktails we ordered were a little tasteless...", 'want to start by saying that the place is not far from the city. the territory is large, there is a playground, houses for living and, most importantly, very, very good restaurant.Best service, thanks to the waitress who served us!!!!Really enjoyed,very tasty food👍🏼 we recommend to visit this place!!!!', 'Nice place where to stay at night and at least for four people in the house. Have delicious kitchen. the houses are clean and beautiful, have their own kitchen, showers. Parking available. The city is very close if you need something additionaly', 'We rarely go to the gaming hall to relax. For 5 euros to gamble. I like Dzoker. I am a customer. Kind team. They offer coffee and a blueberry cocktail for free, the girl on the bank even offered pizza. Kind, pleasant team', "It's a game room, not a cafeteria", '', '', '👍', 'Please do not visit, you will be left without shoes', 'Normal.', 'Good coffee.', '', '', '', '', '', 'One of the few places where you can relax in our city. Comfort, good service, best DJs, stylish music. NOT A DISHMAN ESTABLISHMENT IN WHICH YOU CAN HAVE A GOOD RECREATION TIME🤗🤗🤗', 'The quiz quiz at the bar is worth a visit!', 'Very small room', 'Всё супер', 'No longer exists. Its now the Vendum gastropub, which has great food and atmosphere.', 'If you want to watch a game of football while drinking Guiness beer then this is the right place for you :)', '', '', '', '', '', '', '', 'Absolutely love this bar. Extremely friendly, welcoming, well run bar. Decent food offering, plenty of tv’s so you watch your favourite sport and pleasant outdoor seating area.', 'One of the few pubs I could find in the city where people were being very sociable, including the staff, I had a great night with new friends.', "It is a wonderful place with such an amazing vibe. Everything from the food, drinks, and especially the staff exceeded all expectations. The staff are so friendly and the owner, Iain, is awesome. I could listen to him talk for hours, he knows a lot about a lot. I can't say enough about the hospitality from everyone there. I was in Kosovo for four weeks and found myself stopping by there at least once a day/night for about three weeks. I don't drink, so that's got to say something about this place. I would definitely recommend going on trivia night, ordering the chicken fingers, bacon cheese burger, watching a football game, and chatting with Iain. Iain and Desh, I am glad to have met you and look forward to seeing you all again someday.", 'Best place in Pristina by far. Friendly service, great food and amazing quiz nights.\nBoard games, karaoke, football games, beer, rakia and food, literally all you need for a great night out.', 'Incorrect location on maps, correct location is 42.6647662, 21.1584103. Friendly staff and good beer. Affordable prices, 0.5L for 3 Euros. Chill vibe in the afternoon and bustling in the evening .', 'Amazing location. Good drinks with a moderate price, nice music, friendly barkeepers and a great outdoor area', "It's a cool place for a foreigner, people are nice and you can find spots to sit here. Music was good.", 'A very cozy place with reasonable prices. Service is good. The ambience is very relaxing. The garden is very suitable for working whole afternoon', 'The best place to eat breakfast in Prishtina. 12€ for two people and it was yummy. I highly recommend this place. We also came in the evening for live music and it was a nice atmosphere over here.', 'Favorite spot in Pristina , highly recommended\nVery friendly staff, awesome atmosphere and tasty food', "Great decor and good menu. Below average Coffee Latte. Very loud music at 9 am. Difficult to have a conversation. Still 4 stars as I hope it will improve to take out these kinks and be a wonderful place. Happy they didn't destroy this building,", 'Food is delicious and tasty\nAnd coffee is good 🤩', '', '', 'The only queer pub in Kosova.\nBe sure to check it out whenever you’re in town if you wanna have a dance and enjoy bubbly cocktails. The owners are extra welcoming and friendly. Also the terrace is pretty chill during the day too :)', 'Fantastic cocktails, friendly staff, and always a great environment with fun people! And a great space for queer folk to hang out :) The first and so far only queer bar in the city', 'Its the place that I feel most safe. Its my second home. Its the place that I feel no one will steal my bag if I leave it randomly on a chair. Come here, you wont regret it.🎉 🍻', 'Bar LGBTQR+, regular Queer show. Nice place to enjoy a coffee on a quiet terrasse or having cocktails and beer for long party night.', 'Amazing always', 'Good service, nice place', 'Top experiencw', 'Cool', 'They have a nice cocktail menu. Highly recommended 👍🏻', 'Good place for coffee and drinking. Not sure for food. The disadvantage of this place is that it smells cigarette. They allow smoking inside the place. I wouldn’t recommend if you are not smoker.', 'Wonderful place. Great vibe. Good food. Terrific service.', 'The  service is sooooooo bad. I asked for ice for my drink  i got it after 10 minute the same happened when I asked for  the other things\n\nI ordered fajitas it was cold  and not fresh\n\nNever come again …..,', 'The service wasn’t client-oriented. In fact, the waitress took the order with the following statement : “Pardon” and was a bit cold. The offer of white wines isn’t that big - just Alexandria.\n\nThe ambiance is nice and it is although a cool place to hang out with your friends. Be patient and enjoy your time!', 'The perfect dive bar in the city. Its small and cozy and always full of people.', 'I know this place since 2016 and still enjoy the quiet atmosphere of this pub between daily life and having a rest by cafe, beer or drinks in sparkling Pristina city centre.', 'Friendly, excellent coffee', 'Very friendly staff and good food!', 'One of the greatest place not only to eat but to hand out in Pristina.\n\nWas visiting city on my trip around Kosova, and my friend recommended it.\n\nFood is good, drinks tasty, people friendly, but also design of it is quite unique and cozy at the same time.', 'Its a very cozy and not expensive place. I loved the view, service and the food was amazing. Looking forward to going back 👍', 'Just had coffee. A very pleasant atmosphere.', 'Very nice restaurant, unfortunately we had to wait too long to get our food', '', '', '', "The bar is full of cigarette smoke. If you don't smoke, avoid it.", 'Best pub ever, thank you soo much to saruhan!!! 🙏', 'Best music!', 'Very cool bar. Definitely visit!', 'Excellent bar nice environment peaceful and relaxing atmosphere', 'Okayish. Great interior but staff not really interested.', 'Great place, good service and warm coffees', 'It can be better but still ok nice place', 'Very nice place :) and friendly staff', 'Nice place. Friendly staff. No Guinness.', 'Dringk coffee with sound of river', '', 'Delicious appetisers with great drink choices! The outside patio is great to hang out with friends! We had a blast! The service was exquisite and the drinks even better!', 'Amazing place and atmosphere. Great choice of drinks. New bar in town that is utterly worth it!', "It's a great place to have a drink.\nGreat atmosphere 😊", 'Great place and atmosphere.\nYou can have a drink and eat something small too.\nI recommend it', '', 'Great back Street pub, very friendly with excellent juke box.', 'Nice and cosy with lovely attentive barman.', 'Heaven for educations.  Great place to visit. I like', 'Nice pub', "Good pub with a great selection of rioja. Generous fruit machines. If you like Celtic a great pub as they show all the live games. If you're not a Celtic fan then that's fine as apart from when Celtic games are on any football fans are welcome. If a Celtic game is on then it fills up and best go elsewhere at these times. New landlady has made a lot of effort with the pub. Wifi is available too and excellent background music, non of this lazy music TV shite!", 'Typical local pub ,cheap beers and lively place,with friendly staff.', 'Home from home experience for me.. Great management , good staff, great clientele 💚', 'Johny doc and his staff are very hospitable, welcoming, and efficient.', 'Just a great little beer pub. Great welcome.', "Excellent, traditional pub. No TVs playing football or karaoke! A good range of real ales too. Also a good range of whiskies and gin. This pub doesn't serve food though.", 'Lovely pub very welcoming', 'Unassuming local pub with amazing whisky selection. Cash only.', 'Im at a nearby hotel and the noise coming from this establishment is horrendous. There is a group of customers outside singing and shouting from the top of their lungs without due regard for others. No one wants to be a killjoy but this is also our holiday. The management needs to show some level of respect for others!', "Called in on a Friday at 6pm for a few beers. Very liverly and busy. Only small criticism is when it's packed why turn music on loud so people have to shout to be heard. Result very noisy and you can hardly hear your selve speak. Other wise a nice bar.", 'Great atmosphere in the Princes Bar which is enthusiastically run by Sarah Burns. Sarah raises amazing amounts for many charities including the Jersey Heart Support Group charity who are eternally grateful to her!', 'Great pub. Staff were brilliant. Busy but plenty of room. Good evening had by all. Thanks', 'Quite possibly the best pub I have ever been to. The land lady is absolutely outstanding, with her charisma, charm and positive attitude it completely bypasses how "okay" her partner is. Admittedly he does manage to get the games you want on the TV... unless you\'re a West Brom supporter.. all in all if you are looking for an actual pub then this is a great place to go to.', 'Had a fab biker Rock night at The Old English  and raised money for the most amazing generous crew of our JLB houres of volentory work dond too much to value in money terms you are all amazing Steve (Flipper) and Lyn are here to help any time if we can xxxxx', 'Great pub for sport, and a lovely friendly bar tender', 'So friendly -  has made our holiday. Kelly thank you and truly hope to see you again next year Chris and Polly', 'Great little bar with daytime comfort, reasonable menu👍', "Good location right in the shopping area of At Helier.\nIt's possible to sit outside and the outside seating has an awning, so no problem if it's raining.", 'Friendly staff. Nice burgers.', "Too boring for adults they don't even suggesst how to take pics and everything else. But a very nice place for kids", 'It\'s a pub like many others, it has no stand out attributes, the fish and chips were "fine".\nThe beer a bit more than I would usually pay per pint, but kept well and a good temperature.\nThe best you can say is that it was convenient.', "We ordered food, a simple fish and chips. 40 mins later no food had arrived although 3 other tables who had ordered after us had received their food. One table had nearly finished theirs. I will not return. We went to Hugos and ordered the same items and was with us with in a short time. Lovely friendly efficient service at Hugo's. Well worth a try.", 'Traditional pub, great local beer with a sunny outside space overlooking a quiet tree lined square, perfect for afternoon drinks.', 'A nice place to sit and have a drink, although they were serving quite a few meals. Sit inside or out. Pleasant bar staff,and have local beer', 'This is an absolutely Brilliant place to go. Drinks are very reasonably priced and the staff are so friendly👍\n\nFridays and Sundays they have a karaoke 🎤  and its a fantastic atmosphere 👌', 'Great drinking pub, at real prices not like most of the other tourist traps. Fantastic service and atmosphere, thank you, a credit to the Jersey industry.', 'Very welcoming and caring staff and regular customers !\nThank you very much Paul ! 😊', 'A pleasant place to have a couple of pints on a lovely day', "A nice local pub with many nooks and crannies to sit in. Disappointed they didn't have the local beer. As I am quite enjoying it. Good service from the friendly staff", 'They charged £3.90 for a gin which was ok but then £3.90 for the tonic which is ludicrously expensive. When I questioned why so expensive the man said that is what we have to charge. We will not be going back', "Don't let the old looking exterior fool you, walk on in! This is a friendly pub with lovely staff who are welcoming to all. Whether you are a local or visitor, this is a great pub. It's just an ordinary pub, without whistles and bells. The staff are friendly and helpful. The prices are reasonable and the food is hearty, with good portions. It's always a varied but welcoming place peppered with those who use it as a 'local' and visitors from Jersey and afar! Good WiFi as well.\n\nMy reviews: 3 meets expectations (normal, good score); 4 exceeds; 5 outstanding (rare).", "Didn't eat there just had drinks service was quick drinks cold good choice of drinks prices reasonable for jersey", "the ambience is good but the food was not what i had expected.\n\nthe special menu\npan fried trout was not what i had expected, the broth of crab bisque that came with it just tasted like sea water, i expected seafood sweetness in it. the trout was not well seasoned. the potato was okay.\n\nWe ordered the oyster to try, probably we are not a fan but it was fresh. i was expecting wasabi but the sauce is just soy sauce with honey.\n\nas for the rib eye steak, it was pretty bad, it was dry. we ordered medium rare, but most of the part was medium to medium well.\n\nthe sides were okay, shout out to the oyster mushrooms, i was pretty well cooked.\n\nI ordered the wrong dessert, the rice pudding was very filling. It doesn't taste like dessert. more like a proper nice meal.\n\nfor service wise, it doesn't feel welcome. probably the waitresses were having a bad day.", 'Great spot to sit with a drink on a sunny day on the pavement watching the world go by. The staff are friendly and welcoming and there’s a great range of drinks available at good prices. Tables are all clean and there’s a nice atmosphere; I’d recommend.', 'Went for a meal last night with my girlfriend for valentine’s day, the meal was lovely and the staff were so friendly. The staff even came around with a polaroid camera to take pictures of couples, that they could take home with them with a heart frame, such a nice little touch.', 'Topped off an excellent short break, by having excellent food, listening to fab singer/guitarist, really friendly atmosphere.\nSo much so we went back for lunch the next day :)', 'This was a second visit to here had a different choice off their new menu which is completely new and simple. Again great food with excellent service thoroughly recommend if staying in jersey. Thank you Martin from Damon and Michelle', 'It was busy, but they fitted us in for dinner.\nI ordered a childs menu as i only wanted a small meal, was good food and plenty of it. My husband had a adults meal and there was loads.', 'Delicious food, friendly service and dogs welcome; a lovely pub perfect for lunch after our walk.\nBest of success to the new management for your new venture!', "Typical local pub, not a bad place to go for a quick drink however not my type of place to visit. Prices were decent, the decor quite interesting however I wouldn't come back and it was missing a fun atmosphere.", 'Traditional pub and very enjoyable jovial atmosphere.\nGood selection of beers and ideal for sports lovers, no matter where you are sat you will be able to a TV screen showing live evemts', 'Always have to pop in here for a few drink great atmosphere', 'No food in this bar, just really good beer at reasonable prices. Served by very helpful staff', 'Great place great vibe great karaoke music 5 star', 'Great night with EXCELLENT food! chocolate and caramel tart for dessert!', 'Great place. Food was excellent and very competitively priced. Highly recommended', 'Bouncers wouldn’t let me and my friends in even though we are 19 and had valid UK license ID. Flew from England and wanted a night out and wasn’t even allowed in. They said they can’t accept UK license due to forgery incidents. But the people behind us was also from UK and let them in. Absolute joke bouncers was so horrible, we were so friendly and explained we are over 18', 'Lovely food. Very reasonable\nNice atmosphere excellent all round. Staff very attentive.', 'When visiting my brother in Jersey all ways call in to the Britt for a few pints, never had any bother with the Manager and staff, would highly recommend calling in for a Drink', "Love this place, it's a local away from the local, you're left alone to enjoy your poison and the game.", 'Good friendly pub,one of a few remaining pubs in Jersey', 'Best pub in town.  X', "Surprisingly nice pub considering it's in the city of st brelade.\n\nIt's way bigger than it looks with 2 bars the back beer garden and the front patio bit.\n\nLive music in the back bar footy in the front sun outside.  Something for everyone.\n\nI went to the sausage fest also which was most surprisingly not an absolute sausage fest.", "Plenty of space, they have two gardens outside with tables for customers in front and the rear of pub. Atmospfere is vintage with old furniture. Prices of drinks are average for Jersey, but avoid coffe beucause it's not good.", 'Great place for a pint and to watch the football, also a good outside area!', 'Great Pub for live music and sport. Reasonable prices. Good beers. Bar snacks only. No food service', 'Best pub in Jersey! 🥳\nFrank and Carole was very friendly pub owners and they treated us like their friends. They were very welcoming. I will definitely come back to this pub. Thanks for kindness and hospitality.\nEzgi (your friend from London)☺️', 'Very nice pub', 'Great one bar locals pub popular with some Jersey Bulls fans on matchdays', 'Nice place but closes too early. Old style pub. Very friendly people in there. Good memories.', 'Banging place for a few libations in the afternoon sun.', 'Hilarious story, we were kicked out for stinking of Tar. The bartender could not deal with it. He came begging us to move outside or not come tomorrow. Love it, laughed our assess off.', 'Entered. Ignored by person behind bar. Drinks expensive. Very loud. Won’t be back ☹️', 'Nice place for a drink with friends,  outdoor seating, weather permitting, so lots of room nothing fancy but good range of drinks.  Easy location to find.', "If you don't  mind  the local  loonies  food  really  good  for price  so are the drinks  staff very friendly if you  like  sport ideal place  to go more televisions than Argos", 'Great place, great atmpsphere, good draft beer, only giving 2 because i couldnt enjoy beeing longer there because of management inapropriate considerations- who to serve. I know he has all rights to choose who are beeing served and who not, but i was completely sober when i walked in, just very tired after working all day from 6am-4pm, my eyes looked tired and he might think i had been high on weed but i sayd to him im just tired and want few pints to relax. He sayd i can get only 1 pint...  anyways i was acting very quiet, so there was no reason to dont serve me anymore, while at the same time next to  our table was very drunk people, acting very loud and uninvited came to our table started to have drunk empty  chat with questioning us...  these people were very loud and clearly seen that been very drunk but they still been served.  I think the manager should more apropriate consider who to serve and who not. I dont see this fair that after long working day beeing tired willing to have relax but beeing disrespected  because of how my eyes look, while others who are drunk can act how they want to.', "Fabulous food fantastic atmosphere and good lager. My friend and I had a great time and also had the best steak pie and home made chips we've had anywhere in the UK.", 'Lively bar with live music somedays. Pub grub pretty good. Only negative is the toilets are downstairs. Definitely going back next time I am in the vicinity we loved the place.', "Great place to visit, food is nice and plenty of choice for kids. Big soft play centre inside but doesn't feel too noisy. Staff very welcoming", 'Great pub, good food, lovely staff. I had mussels in a cream sauce with bread and chips, good portion size and tasty. Nice beer gardens well kept. Short walk to the most amazing beach which was nicely quiet and had a beach cafe and bar as well.  This is on a bus route from StHelier as well as other places on the island. Well recommended 😀', 'Spectacular spot and friendly staff but generally a bit disappointing. The historic pub interior has gone for the dentist’s waiting room vibe and the food was mixed. My pizza was inedible, swimming in fat. The moules were very nice though.', "Lovely meal outside on a sunny day. The surroundings are beautiful & the food is superb. The pizza-garlic-bread starter was lovely, which we shared, my friend's fish & chips looked great, & I enjoyed the most delicious fish pie I have ever eaten! 😋😀😎👍👏", "Didn't get any food here but the staff were so friendly and helpful with table service and made us smile. Definitely recommend this Irish pub. They even gave us a free bowl of crisps and peanuts!", 'Upscale, but it feels like an Irish pub in London or Liverpool. The Guiness is excellent and the staff are friendly and attentive. It is big enough to have energy and activity. Fries were excellent, plenty of ketchup, and portion was enormous. If you are shopping on Via Nazionale or near Termini Station, stop in for a pint. Free WiFi', 'Good music, but the waitress was too tired too listen our order. So she gaves me the wrong one. The ambience was the one of an Irish pub…raw, with a smell of old beer in the air.', "I'm really sad that I can't leave a great review for this place, ultimately the undercooked crispy chicken burger severely let the place down. The waiter did offer to replace it but by the time he had come back to the table everyone had finished eating their meal some time ago and I felt too sick to try the chicken again! No discount on the bill was offered which really would have stopped me from leaving a negative review as everything else was great. Other than the chicken the atmosphere was great, fries tasty, my husband had a burger which he really enjoyed. Food came very quickly (maybe too quickly which probably explains the undercooked chicken!), the server was really friendly. I would go again but I'd stay away from the chicken, I'd probably just have snacks/fries in future.", 'I first went here in July 97 and i keep coming back , a proper pub for proper drinkers no cocktails with little umbrellas, you want a pint this is where to go. Good location can get busy . Football on the box ,pool table, darts and sometimes great music.', 'Brillant atmosphere and plenty of televisions indoor and outdoor to watch the final day of the Ryder Cup 2023 in golf that took place just outside Rome. Lots of USA and Europe supporters present. Service was quick and very efficient with staff being very friendly. Prices very reasonable.', 'We went here two days in a row and loved it there, fair prices for drinks and the atmosphere is like no other. Our favorite part was the ordering window they had outside.', 'Very disappointed. We came here and sat down in two seats which appeared to be free. There were no coats, bags, empty glasses etc. Two women came in after we sat at the bar for circa ten minutes and shouted “Sean, Sean” who was the bar tender. The women obviously wanted us to move. They started shouting at us in a foreign language. He kissed one of the women. They made our time very uncomfortable and continued to intimidate us for the rest of our time there until we left. It is disappointing that the bar tender clearly cares more about his relationship than the feelings of paying customers. Would not recommend!!!  STAY AWAY!!!', "Food and drinks were good.\nStaff is super friendly. Plenty of TV's to watch all different types of sport. Overall great place to hang out and sink a few cold ones while watching your beloved team.", 'A local bar that is very suitable for watching football games.  Excellent selection of beers.  The food menu is not big but tasty.  Amazing atmosphere in the game we saw with many fans.  We just have to improve the level of cleanliness more often, both in the bar and in the toilets.', 'Food was good the people where very nice prices where amazing! And the temperature inside was nice.  Felt cozy and home even on a holiday.\n\nNext time visiting Italy we definitely coming back.', 'Cool, cozy little pub not far from the Colosseum. The staff seemed very friendly, the atmosphere was fun, and we met some really cool people here. Would definitely go back!', 'We stopped here for a random pint after watching the Ryder Cup at another pub. Golf fans were still in good spirits so I managed to get a free drink from a fan who was buying some pints for everyone. All in all, good atmosphere for our random stop.', 'Gets five stars for simply selling Harp lager.  Friendly and inviting staff and did some decent irish whiskies.\n\nGreat craic', "I'll start by saying the Guinness is awful and the staff need training on how to pour a proper pint.\n\nIn the hour we were there we saw so many people being turned away, even though over 50% if the tables were empty (reserved). I'm not sure why they would hold tables for so long and turn away so much walk in custom. Anyone who did stay and stand ended up in on top of us and we had to ask one group to please move back. Their bags were banging off us constantly.\n\nOverall, Irish pub in name only.", "Like most Irish pub tend to be, the ambiance was great. The staff is very kind and speaks very good English too. I've spent a good chunk of the night joking with an American on vacation and the Nepalese barman.\n\nThey have a wide variety of alcohol to choose from and they tend to be pretty cheap (5 to 7€).\n\nI did not buy any food but it seemed pretty tasty and affordable.\n\nConclusion : don't go there if you don't like having a good time.", 'Awesome pub. Traditional. Workers speak great English too. They have the games, races and events posted . The drinks are what you would expect. Many Americans seem to gather here. There are seats at the bar which is hard to find in Italy. I suggest sitting in the windows to people watch. You are still in the bar and action but have a little bit of intimacy while having a view of the street too.', 'Lively pub,went here couple of times.\nAlways something going on and a welcoming place for tourists definitely.\nThey have bingo nights too.\nFood isn’t the best but it’s not the worst if that can be a statement.😂\nIve had tortilla chips with guac and cheese and the melted cheese made the chips rubbery and soggy. Better option are the burgers,they are a bit dry but considering it’s a pub you will have to order a beer with this.\nAll in all I like how cozy it is and it was a very chill atmosphere every time I went here.\nSo a good place to take a breather.', 'Great atmosphere, nice and welcoming service.\nThe food was tasty, not bad at all for a Pub in Rome.', 'The pub is great! The atmosphere is awesome and the food is very, very delicious. The waiters are very kind and always helpful. It is really nice place to hang out with your friends and/or watch a game as they do show them. When it gets very crowded, the service is a bit slow, which is to be expected, but just something to keep in mind if you’re really hungry when you get there 😉', 'A wonderful Irish style bar in this part of Rome. The Pinsa was tasty and the service warm.', 'Probably the most Italian Irish pub. Friendly service, food was a very pleasant surprise and definitely not classic pub food. Highly recommended if you want good Irish beer and local Italian food.', 'Very nice concept. Irish (and some Italian and international) beers and mostly proper Italian food. Fresh pasta “tapas” as a gift with my beer? Can’t complain. Very impressed.', 'Cosy place with great tasting and variety of food.  Service was great and got good suggestions and was able to mix and match.', "Morrison's is an Irish pub surrounded by Italian cafes and restaurants. It's a little out of place, but that's what makes it a little charming. It's a nice change from everything else. Drinks are reasonable at €10 a cocktail or €6 and under for beer as of August 2023. The staff is great and super friendly. On a slower shift the bartender even offered to make us something extra fresh because he was slow. It really is a great spot to escape the heat or dive into with friends.", 'Amazing place!!! It is open from breakfast to late dinner. The pasta Carbonara was delicious, the best one in Rome!', "The food is good but that's where it ends I'm afraid. The only reason I gave the service 2 stars is for the sake of one nice waiter who genuinely wanted to help and one OK barman. Overall the helpfulness of the staff and value for money would only deserve a minus rating.", "Not the typical breakfast place but it was well worth it! The English breakfast menu was great with a full size tasty plate of eggs, sausage, bacon, toast, baked beans, greens, an orange juice and a lovely coffee. Great service, fast and friendly. Bacon a bit on the salty side but I'm used to eat low in salt.\n\nAs I was still there closer to noon, had a small glass of Session IPA at the end from the selection of local craft beers. It was delicious (Nerds Choice, very fruity and light!)\n\nBeen here previously before Google time and never reviewed them. Back again and very pleased still.", "Cool place. I went there because I'm a huge Highlander fan (the 1986 movie with Christopher Lambert)\nDidn't have much stuff about that, but it is in a sub level. Nice and cool during those HOT summer days in Rome.\nGreat cold beer, too.", 'Good pub for sport lovers only. Not a good place for people who want to take a break from visiting Rome and have cold beer with some snack just like us :) because there are 4 TVs and each TV shows a different football match according to customers’ requests and there is also high volume music in the place. So it might be a little bit annoying to be among all those noise if you are not here to watch a match', "We didn't eat here, but stayed and watched the NFL games that day. The Bartender was a Bears fan from Chicago, like me. We had a blast, even with the Packers fans that sat next to us.", "Must visit! Wonderful food and atmosphere. The staff there make you feel at home and treat you like family. There were four American football games on different TV's and everyone was enjoying good natured trash talking and fellowship.", 'Nice place to chill the evening with friends and loved ones....', "Lousy! The owner didnt give us menus. They ONLY serve fast food type burgers with real fatty meat, 12 euros. Fries or salad 9 Euros extra but owner didn't say that! The 6 of us could have eaten lousy fast food much cheaper but obviously that is not what we wanted. 21 euros for cheap burger and small salad with no dressing! Other restaurants close by have a variety of delicious food for much less, like Lucianos mixed seafood grill for 15 euros, absolutely delicious!", 'Nice place', 'Nice place', 'Great place. There is plenty of seating and very comfortable.', 'the worst pub in the universe, there is no choice of beer! the kitchen? they cook chicken wings in muesli. this place is hell, every Englishman who has sinned a lot after death gets into this pub!', "Excellent Irish style bar wirh a great drinks list. It's a very warm atmosphere and perfect for a drink after a meal or just to hang out at. The Ultimate Samurai was a great cocktail!", "Stopped in at the end of a long day for beer and dinner, ordered a beer which was quite good but took around 15 minutes to be brought to the table, which is silly for an Irish style pub. I ordered a Morrison burger, the flavour of said burger wasn't terrible however it was near completely raw, chips were far too salty, and the egg that came with the burger was also near raw, and ended up spilling all over the table in the time it took for me to start eating. The plating was ludicrously small (basically nonexistent) especially for food so messy.\n\nService was terrible and the staff was ignorant when going in to pay and the server did nothing to help after I had eaten only one small bite, realized it was RAW, and stopped eating out of disgust. Not even 5% off. Silly.\n\nAfter a few days of incredible food in Rome I have finally found myself disappointed.\n\nAvoid avoid avoid. I absolutely do not recommend this spot.", 'Tired of pizza? Eat here!!!   The bunless hamburgers with Scottish beef are popular.   The beer selection is great and small glasses are an option.  The pastas are also popular and done well.  We came on a Friday night about 8pm and live music was playing.', 'We were exhausted and just wanted to eat a proper meal that was not italian :D\n\nThats when we came across this irish pub which offers 10 euro menu that includes main course, side dish, cola and water (or some similar variations) and honestly it was worth it. It is super cheap and you have a meal and a drink so I think its great value for money, especially considering its in the city center.\n\nOf course the food is not super amazing but I was satisfied.\n\nSo if you want some change of pace in the middle of Rome, and want to save some money im the process, worth checking out.\n\nFor the sheer value of this place, I give it 5 stars', 'Came here for beer to escape the heat for a while. Very nice authentic Pub with friendly staff and good air conditioning. Strong recommendation. (did not eat so for that reason no review of the food).', 'Nice atmosphere. Nice people. Great place to rest a bit after a long touring day', "Every time I was in the pub there were not a lot of issues, maybe just slower service if I really had to complain. I really like the beers in the pub and the food is also great, but yesterdays situation with the waiter who mixed up drinks and then wanted my friend to drink from the glass that another person already drank out of, ruined the experience for me. We had to tell the waiter multiple times to bring her a new beer because she shouldn't drink after somebody who got her drink by mistake at another table. And it was not a missunderstandning, we speak both english and italian", 'We came here for breakfast and coffee. It was amazing and affordable. Large portions and very tasty. Coffee + croissant = wonderful. Employees are really kind. We loved this place.', 'My friend ordered a beer and it was given to someone else. When she pointed out the mistake, the waiter took the drink and gave it to her expecting she would accept it after the guy already drank from it. Not only is it rude but also very unhygienic and careless, especially after going through a world pandemic. We are very disappointed after this experience.', 'Excellent food, friendly staff and conpetitely priced. A good pint if Guinness too. Beware of ordering burgers for an evening meal. They look good, taste great but are enormous unless you have an equally enormous appetite. Be careful if the bruschetta - again taste great, but the bread base could pose problems with your teeth. The breakfast croissants are exceptional especially the vegan orange one. All in all, excellent place visited every day of our visit except Monday when it is closed.', 'We went here after arriving late at night in Rome. The owner is very nice and loves what he does. The pasta we had was amazing as well. Thanks! :)', 'A gem of a place. nice food and drink choices. Had a lovely last drink with the owner/barkeeper. Definitely will come back!', 'Very nice pub , the ribs is delicious.', 'Great place we found just down the street from the apartment we rented for the week. Friendly staff and great food.  My fiance\'s pasta was actually quite good. Better than a few of the local "traditional" spots. Great drink selection and the tiramisu was on point!', 'Lovely traditional Irish bar with very good Guinness on draught for €6.50. Sport on TV and plenty of seating.', "What a lovely experience we had here. The staff could not have been kinder and more accommodating.\n\nWe went in to watch the Liverpool game and it was a lovely atmosphere. The drinks were great, and the gentleman behind the bar made us some delicious toasties and nothing was too much trouble for him, a lovely duo behind the bar! Also my girlfriend was delighted to see Gordans Pink Gin on the menu, It's not easy to find in Rome and to please a fussy girlfriend. The Guiness was lovely too!", 'Great bartender and awesome This is the first Irish bar in Rome opened in 1976 this was our first visit. We’re from the United States and we had a great time. and a Guinness.', "One of my must-visit places every time I'm in Rome - about 9 trips so far. Nice place to cool off (or warm up) and relax with a Guinness. See you next year hopefully...", 'Full of alcoholic homeless-looking crowds that scream and laugh until very late hours in the street(04:00 AM). Annoying and have no respect for the neighbours whatsoever. Everyone wants to have fun sometimes but do it at a proper time', 'We were seeking refuge in Rome, and stumbled upon this Irish bar. What ensued was arguably one of the funnest nights ever. Great bar, great people, great vibes.', "Unfortunately wasn't open. Visited Saturday at 18:45. Won't give 1 star as haven't been able to experience it properly.", 'We visited on a Thursday night around 7 and it was very quiet. This meant there was little atmosphere which was ashame because it did have the vibes of being banging bar if more people were in. As it was our last night we did move on having said we would come back next time we were in Rome.\nService was great, staff friendly and helpful. I do want to experience it again when more people are in.\nThere was a reasonable selection of beers and price was inline with other bars in the area.', 'Really like this because it was like a pub bar had a few draught lagers Guinness and the like. Good friendly staff enjoyed a couple of good nights in here. Thank you to the staff.', "I dropped in here to wait for a bus and didn't want to leave. Spent the whole evening chatting with Tom and various visitors, best Guinness I've had outside of eire and he knows how to pour. Top fella! Thank you. Instagram @jimhussey", 'Great place, lovely pint of Guinness. Friendly bar guys, stayed late and someone played the piano! Very fun', 'Easy going, small and nice atmosphere. Lively because of football but in the good way. Need to visit again next time I visit Rome. I recommend this place 👌', 'I love this small place,, friendly and food is amazing taste portion and price ,with big beer and big screen for watching football,,love it', "A very good pub located close to the Cornelia underground station.\nPerfect for an aperitif with colleagues after work, or for a night with friends tasting great beers and nice food.\nThe staff is friendly and the place is cozy and laid back.\nIt's possible to listen to good music or see football matches.\nTake a look yourself!", "Very nice Irish pub. Good quality of food and beers. Amazing staff. Don't forget to try bistecca Alla Guinness.", 'This Irish pub is really cool, quiet and cosy. It offers a good selection of meals, mainly pizza on wooden shovel and hamburgers. It has a great selection of beers. I like to get the beer tasting selection, composed of four 15 cl glasses of different beers. You can watch sport games here as well, in which case the place may become noisy.', 'Nice Irish pub to have some food. Good selection of tap beers but everything is commercial. Do not expect craft beers here. Good atmosphere to chat with friends. The food is OK, but not the best pasta that you can find in Rome. In our case, bread was stale, dry and hard. Most likely had couple of days or it was a bad quality bread.', 'What an awesome place. The staff was amazing the food was good and the drinks well worth it. If I could change anything it would be perhaps add a dart board or something to engage other patrons as it was full of life with both young and old.', 'Super cool experience. Our waiter was speaking French and was very nice. Food is good and drinks as well', 'Nicolette the bartender was the best bartender I’ve had in so long . Me and my boyfriend travel endlessly and she was so attentive, friendly, and her drinks were my favorite part of Rome. If you’re looking for a down to earth, delicious and late food and drink place …THIS is your spot ! Thank you Nico ! ❤️', 'Very good trad session Thursday nights', 'Had a lovely last night in Rome in pub. Staff very friendly and attentive. Only gripe lager German and not Celtic. Missus loved it too, do take the ladies', 'Nice place with a very friendly barkeeper. Several very good beers from the tap. And a really good Grappa ☺️', "10 stars. Owner will pretend he doesn't want customers but is actually a sweetheart", "Very nice staff and lots of beers to choose from. It's a local pub in a working class area, but don't be afraid to visit if you're a tourist.", 'Place looks amazing inside, staff is friendly and the beer is top quality for all tastes.', 'Cozy and friendly irish pub with friendly staff and great beers', 'Nice staff, good for a beer after dinner', "A very special corner of Milan, our host, his wife, and the team behind the bar are very friendly and made us feel very welcome.\nThe fish and chips were very special, as was the pasta.\nThe Guinness just topped off a couple of legendary visits to Mulligans.\nI will go out of my way to visit there next time I'm in Milan", 'The owner is very passionate and knowledgeable about all things whisky.\nIf you are a whisk(e)y fan, make sure to visit', "A nice irish bar in Milan. There you can find Kilkeeny , my favourite beer , because in Milan other irish pubs don't use it. Staf was very prepared. Perfect place to have a good beer and to eat something. The people who frequented it were about 30-60 years old.", 'You cannot go wrong coming here. Amazing service, amazing beer and whisky, and great atmosphere. Hands down my favorite pub in Milan!! Make sure to ask for Gabrielle he is amazing and so kind.', 'Nice bar for a quick pit stop when crusing Navigli Martesa. They accept digital payments so you are ok. Nice beer and ice cream also', '3 stars are for the pizza.The pizza was delicious, no doubt about it. But I ordered at 9:30 pm and it at 10:30! Ok it is Saturday night but if they know there are more customers on Saturdays, better to think about more cooks! Pizza gets ready in 10 minutes...what are the other 50 minutes wasted for?', 'Top', 'A great place for\nDARTS\nfood\nSports bar\nPizza', 'Awesome and fun place. Lots going on during the week and fun place to go on the weekend. Surprising amount of parking available in the streets to the south and east a few streets. Good time.', 'This is the Pub, no much else to say, if you know what having a good time at a pub means then just come over here.\nGreat atmosphere, great beers and great service.\nSpecially the guy with the green hair, very professional, even though he looks like a little marmotta with some issues.\nStrongly suggested.', 'Awful experience. Staff not helpful and also an uncooked meal served in the first instance.', 'Great variety of beer but also served cocktails.\n\nNice place to spend some time with friends.', 'Its a good place for spending time with friends and the aperitivo’s quality is good compared to its price.', "Nice, not expensive at all english/old style pub right in front of Polimi. The food is good, but maybe the place need a renewal, since it's a little bit rusty.", 'Tasty and Filling food, friendly service. Gets crowded during lunch hours. But worth the wait.', 'Very quiet but a nice pub.  Would be good to see it lively.', 'The quality has been decreased. The fish and chips were non cooked correctly a bit raw in the middle. And the nachos were fried twice and the “melted cheddar” was just a hard sheet of some cheese. The chicken wing where really good but there are none assorted sauces like blue cheese for ex', "A nice addition to the Pogue Mahone's family. A very nice restaurant, with pub food aplenty. We went during off-peak hours, so the service was very attentive and kind. We had a very honest lunch, with a burger and a pinsa (which is basically a rectangular pizza). The decor is what you expect from a pub, which is simple and familiar, yet comfy.", 'We went there as tourists, ordered 2 pizzas and got 2 pizzas burned. By making the waitress realize this, she offered us an exchange, so we had to wait again...Because they thought we are just tourists they did not even bother to put salt and pepper on our table. The pizzas we ordered (Nostromo & Vegetariano) were not tasty at all and on Nostromo they used too less onion and tuna. Ridiculous.', 'Food was lovely and the decor inside is very very homely. It doesn’t feel like a fake Irish bar like a lot of ‘Irish’ pubs feel like outside of Ireland.', 'I have to overnight once in a while in Milano San Donato and last time I found this amazing Pub through a local friend. Great beers on tap and amazing bar buffet. Looking forward to being back there!', 'Excellent Irish pub. Enjoy your burger with Jameson Whiskey and grap an IPA beer.\nAre you into rock/metal music? They have it.\nMultiple TV screens keeps you updated on sport.\nAnd back for 2nd time. May22', "Usually we go for apperetivo which costs 10€.\nBut if you order another drink (beer or cocktail) until 21.00 you will have to pay 10€ again because it's apperetivo time", 'First time in here and I will definitely come back!! It’s a bit hidden from the road, but once in you find a nice environment (you also have access to music, tv, etc.), where you can either go for just a drink or eat as well. I had a Ciney Brune and a Banshee Burger. Both highly recommended!! Had a lovely evening with friends!!', '', "One of the good pubs in Milan for those who enjoy a good pint. It has plenty of space and most times, when outside it's not too cold we usually prefer to have a drink outside.\nOnly downside is that when it gets crowded, and it does so, the service is pretty slow.", 'Cozy little pub with great selection of draft beer. Place was packed at 6:30 and we took our food and drinks outside and mingled. Had a great time! In a great location near downtown Milan.', "Worst pub of my life! And talking about all these good reviews...seriously, guys? What's the matter with you? Have you ever been in a decent (and irish) pub?\n\nJunk food (if that could be considered food at all) and even the sauces were expired", 'Not bad, very small, wish there was a band or something Irish like there, more seating downstairs though', 'A great place for beer round the corner of Loreto via Padova. Good collection of beer and very good appetisers. We went early evening and was not so much crowded, but gets crowded late in the evening.', 'Best pub ever! The beer🍺 is top.\nA width choice of sorts.\nNice atmosphere.\nThe staff is friendly. And everybody speaks English. :)\nWith first drink you will get also a free pizza 🍕 and chips 🍟', 'Cheers. What a great pub in Milan. Cheapest Guinness we have found in Italy accompanied with the best aperitivos. Swing in and indulge.', 'Awesome place 4 beer in Milan!', 'I like the design and also the staff, drinks were great and friendly. I recommend this place. The accessibility is better (only) with car.', 'Cool little spot to grab a beer. We stopped in when we were unable to find the place we were looking for but we were not disappointed. They had some good beer on tap and were extremely friendly. We came in before they were serving Pizza but we had a really tasty salad and bread sticks instead which held us over until dinner.', 'We have been to the pub several times so far for breakfast, both during the week and on weekends. The service is fast and the staff attentive. Great coffee bar and brioche. High ranking for the possibility of ordering salty brioche, very rare in Italian bars.', 'Went for lunch. Good food, the meal was prepared fast', 'The Ghost Pub in Milan is a unique and cozy pub. The menu offers delicious Italian and international dishes, and the pub has a quirky ghostly theme that adds to its charm. The friendly service and creative ambiance make it a must-visit spot for a fun and memorable dining experience in Milan. Highly recommended!', 'The Ghost Pub - one ☝️ of the best in Milano 🇮🇹', "Lovely place , great pint of Guinness, excellent food, beautiful staff , can't wait to get back there ..", 'British pubs in the outskirts of the city, great selection of beers and food, I recommend this place for nostalgics like me. The only disappointment is the outside area, I wish you could do better to improve urban decor', 'I liked the vibe. Staff were nice. Enjoyed the time when i was there', 'Great place to drink some beers, very friendly staff!', '6euro for 2 pints of beer. Decor was a little tired, but I knocked 2 stars off for the horrendous booths. The springs and foam made me feel like sitting in a beanbag chair. Very uncomfortable. Service and beer were good though. I recommend sitting in a wooden chair.', 'Super nice place', "Man man man, this was not good. The food was to cry. The grilled vegetables were like what i expect of them in my nightmares. Rubbish and tasted like rubber. We didn't get cutlery with our burgers and the burgers didn't have any sauce on them. It smelled like stinky socks at our table but that could also be my dads feet. The only vegetarian option was a wrap with just rocket on it... Fantastic! I should end on a positive note, well i can't complain about the still water!", 'Cool, cozy bar to have a few beers and watch some football at. When I went on a weekday night in October it was all locals and I was the only foreigner there. They have one TV outside for outdoor seating and one TV inside. Decent beer selection for a local bar as well! The employees were very friendly, and one of the younger employees even spoke English very well, so communication was no problem! It’s also open late on weekdays which is great! I definitely recommend this bar.', 'I went here late at night to have a couple beers with my colleagues. The place was good. Nothing to complain. Not too many people when I was there. Beers are good.', 'Very friendly staff who went above and beyond to help us! They accommodated us last minute for the World Cup final match and had a great atmosphere.', "Love this place. Guinness is really good. You have to order at the counter but it's not a bother. Staff is really friendly.", 'Irish pub with a nice craic. Gets packed at later hours of the day. It has a good selection of beer and pub food.', 'Very nice pub. Exelent food, drinks and people.', 'Lovely atmosphere, well done Irish pub! Beer A++++++', "Nice place with nice music, prices are good, it's perfect for spending time with friends and having fun for the evening. Really recommend this bar, and food is also too nice. ❤️❤️", 'Although the prices are little higher than the average, the service is cool. I deducted one star because I didn\'t like their "Bloody Mary" cocktail(person opinion).', 'Very nice and particular, Irish kinda location with nice staff,\nThey have screens for soccer games\n. I tasted only Campari soda homemade, which was with low sparkling soda ...ok, but fair price.', 'Great staff… big smile and greatest vibe… love it', 'Came here for UEFA Champions League Final, there was so crowded. Foods are delicious and able to make you full. They have a lot of drink variant especially Beer. The beer are great too. Thing that makes me  disappoint is the service, they still need improvement or hire extra man for rush hour', "Really enjoyed my time at this pub. We visited 3 nights in a row as our apartment was 5 mins walk a way. The range of different beers were better than most in Milan. The prices are reasonable for the type of beer they sell. Food was okay, but really busy the night we ordered food. In all honesty we weren't blown away by the food in Milan or Lake Como. This pub is definitely worth a visit. Bravo", 'I’ve been there to watch fiorentina - Milan. Never been to a pub in Milan. Very nice experience, with drought beer (only Italy) and chicken wings!!! Beer is too expensive, service was excellent', 'I would give 0 stars if I could.\nThey advertise everywhere a happy hour of 50% off between 5-8pm.. after spending 3 hours we went to pay the bill and was full price.\nAnd at the end they told us that it’s only 50% off if you take the beer from the bar. Despite them offering to bring us the beers to the table.. disgraceful', "Very busy so wouldn't make cocktails. Very slow service but nice place", 'Proper bar at a proper price\nAlso a good selection of food all with great service', 'What a nice place to be. No matter what football fan you are, they are always welcoming you. Also the panini and beer are outstanding. I can just highly recommend it to everybody!', "I've been there for lunch with some friends. The staff is rude and really not friendly. On top of that, all of us agreed on the fact the food wasn't good enough (cheap ingredients and prepared on a rush without any attention or love). Not recommended, especially considered the other waaaay better spots/cafes for a quick bite or a beer that you could find all around.", 'Best local hang out bar in the area. Their goal is for you to chat with patrons and enjoy yourself, not to take your money. Just go', 'Top', 'Quite hidden, found it almost by mistake, but definitely a cool place! Good selection of beer and friendly staff, and the location is nice aswell. Definitely recommended!', 'Nice bar. Enjoyed the drinks. Food looks beautiful. I must try next time. Brilliant owners.', 'The food tasted great. We ordered the chicken sticks, meatballs, cheesesteak, and mozarella balls.  There was a misunderstanding with our order which is most likely due to language barrier (we dont speak italian and the waitress did not understand english). We ordered cheesesteak with a side of fried mozarella but the waitress misunderstood and  mozarella cheese was used on the cheesesteak. They corrected the order woth a replacement cheesesteak with no cheese and we received the fried mozarella and it was still cold on the inside but they gave us replacement (for take away).', 'I do not recommend. We ordered two Leffe beers 0.33. On leaving, the waitress asked to pay 10 euros for them. The most expensive in the area…', '€12 euro for two beers.. obviously because we were tourists...as Irish As a Chinese fisherman', 'They obviously had a credit card machine, and I was told they only take cash.\n\nAnd they ended up making us pay in cash', "Small, well set up pub. We went for lunch...Fausto is kind and welcoming, discreet, attentive to cleanliness (he disinfected the table in front of us). Delicacies of all kinds and generous portions. I would like to point out the bacon and cheddar chips... split between 2 but the portion was fine for 3 people. The bruschettone with scapece courgettes, chicken strips and cheddar is excellent. I didn't take photos....go and try it, it won't disappoint you.\nWe stayed at Fausto's again, reconfirming everything with an exceptional price. 2 plates, bread and bottle of water 15 euros.", 'Absolutely a must-try place. Initially it may seem small but once you sit at the table a world opens up. Very fresh and quality food, freshly prepared with an overflowing sandwich.... excellent starters.\nFausto is a really nice and kind guy who gives you meticulous advice on every single dish. I absolutely recommend him. Really competitive prices. Super value for money. I recommend it', 'First of all, what characterizes this pub is the friendliness of the owner and his collaborators!\ntruly welcoming and engaging: even if you have never been there you don\'t feel like a stranger and you are pampered in every way!\nthe menu is very clear and detailed ... leaves no room for misunderstandings about prices or ingredients\ncleanliness is TOP!\nbut the best quality of GoldBlack is, certainly, that of the products used for the preparations: all fresh and, if necessary, homemade! there is nothing pre-cooked!!!\nif you are lucky you may happen to come across some evening where very high level musicians perform!\nGoldBlack at Fausto\'s is a place where you can even end up by chance, but it is certainly a place where you return with pleasure because "you always return to where you had a good time"', "I've been to this restaurant and despite an overall sufficient menu, I spent too much money. Staff were so-so, furthermore from the bathrooms you could hear a person shouting or speaking a language mixed between Russian, Polish, Ukrainian and Bulgarian and a few words in Belarusian", "Who orders a burger in Naples? People who live in Naples.\n\nThis place is much better than expected. Setup is actually like an Irish pub.  I was hoping on a long shot they would have Sheppards pie, or corned beef and cabbage.  They did not.  So, I ordered the Johnny burger, and I gotta say that it is the best burger I've had out in town so far.\n\nOverall, I recommend this place as something different than just pizza, pasta, and croissants.", 'Overrated... Theme is incorrect. Just another pub but for celiac adults is okay for 1 time and pricey. No children menu either', 'Rushed here from central Naples as someone said they might be showing English football. They were wrong.... Nice enough place, very spacious and no question for the bar.', 'No irish beer on tap and cricket pads on display as you walk in (not the most well known irish game).!', 'Good pub in the posh area of Naples. The place is not really big. Prices in the average of the area.', 'Fantastic.   Panini , Sandwich, Very High Quality . I was very impressed', 'Top', 'Wonderfull', "unique, unforgettable experience... I recommend the Luciana octopus, refined and traditional at the same time, chef Giorgio's magical touch is unique... not to mention the Genoese... what can I say! True and pure tradition...a perfect dish! Excellent service, the owner was courteous and kind... we will return tomorrow for other dishes!", 'Excellent pub that also offers first and second courses as well as sandwiches. Owner very kind and always available. Sandwiches are big and tasty. Ideal not only for take away but also for consuming on the spot in an Irish pub environment. 5+ stars.', 'Excellent experience we are at home.......Baby bottle the chef and number 1', 'And the first time we came, the sandwiches are delicious, the staff is friendly, the chef is small but cooks well, the pub is particular and nice\nThe owners are very friendly, the prices are very affordable, we will return', 'Just like an authentic Irish Pub. The service was great.', 'One of the best pub in the city, I know some people that worked in the kitchen and in a lot of others pub of the city, and they said that is the cleanest kitchen that they have ever seen', 'Top', "Pub of Fuorigrotta now historic.\nI've been going there for years and I must say that as far as the food is concerned it has always been of high quality.\nI usually come here with friends to drink the legendary kbirr Neapolitan beer, this Pub is one of those that has this beer on tap.\nToo bad that last time he didn't find the beer we wanted and the food we requested because unfortunately it's already finished.\nIn the place you can breathe the real pub air, just a pity that in its heyday it was better stocked and with a more convivial atmosphere.\nLet's hope those times return.", 'One of the best burgers i had in a loong time.', 'Exellent service, nice crew, amazing (almost beyond perfect) food. They have glutenfree buns for burgers, they have Guinness on the tap, they speak english... what more do you need? 😃\nStrongly recommended!', 'When you walk into an Irish pub and Mario is your bar man, no irish beers here. If you want some belgian beers go ahead', 'Good experience, but if it is a Irish bar, i guess all the workers could speak English, not only one.', 'Poor service', "If you want to drink and eat discreetly a stone's throw from Piazza Plebiscito, it is the ideal place, excellent beer.", 'my favorite place every time I have time available I go there :)', "Wonderful location A stone's throw from the castle of the Ovo beautiful and themed place exquisite products and very kind staff super recommended", "Genuine Irish Pub selling whole range of great draught beers and stouts. Furbished as a genuine Irish pub with tables and benches and a great menu. I hadn't enjoyed a pint of Harp Lager since the 1970's!\nStaff were really friendly as well and the music was Irish as well!", 'What a great little pub if your into the Hobbits you will have a blast\nThe food was spot on home made burgers a must\nPrices are on the nail as well\nOnly down side was the menu was all in Italian but the staff are really helpful plus google translate', 'Quirky place, Lord of the rings theme.. very friendly and accommodating bar staff.', 'Stumbled across this place. It was AWESOME! Really good food and I love the atmosphere.', "Came to watch the Chelsea game only to find the other champions league match was broadcasted instead. Still, I had a great time because the owner was so accommodating and the beer very good, despite us not being able to communicate due to language barrier. In conclusion I highly recommend this place, the service was the best I've had on trips abroad , and I've been to plenty other countries before Italy .\nBelissimo!", "Frank is one of my best mates! He can make u feel like home like no one else :) he's got one of the widest beers' choice in Naples and his kitchen is always open! I would celebrate every inch of my time in here ", 'Very nice bar with friendly people! Has a big variaty of tap beer. Been there for a Napoli game ,had a wonderfull experiance !', 'Great pub.. lots of options for beer.. the waitress - who was the only one around the night we were there - was very friendly and patient - even with us not understanding a word of Italian..', 'Beer was phenomenal, as to be expected from a irish pub', 'Just having a Guinness on tap... heaven! While I didn’t have any food here,it did smell amazing!', 'Rude waiter and no Irish food whatsoever. The stew you see in the photos was only in winter. I felt a little like a trespasser. Quite uncomfortable. Hidden service charge of 1.50.', 'Half Irish no wine, no Bacardi, good beer,excellent  staff were very friendly and even gave me a napoli scarf as I am a Man City fan. So cheers to Flannerys', 'Nice late night relaxed beats', 'Cool place. Friendly staff.', 'Enjoyed it', "Good price quality. Nice tidy outdoor gazebo with good spaces between the tables. Large centered screen for music or football match. Too bad it's closing early", 'The service was great. Good job girls! The only dissapointment was the cheese steak. It  was  full  with  peperoni and on the menu it doesnt say it comes with peperoni. The rest of the food was ok.  Nice pub.', 'A supposed english pub with no english menu. The steak was dry, burnt, and over-salted. The fries were overcooked and also over-salted.', 'The food was good but the service was a bit slow.', 'Top!', 'Quiet spot where to enjoy a sunny day while sipping some good white wine.\n\nQuiet by day very busy and crowded by night', "Friendly staff, good service but I wouldn't class it as an Irish pub.", "I visited in February, and it was pretty quiet everywhere in Naples in terms of nightlife. Everywhere was closing earlier than their typical opening hours.\n\nSaint James Pub closed two hours early, but we were literally the only customers left by 1am, despite that the staff were really nice and didn't rush us.\n\n•A little rough around the edges, building a little run down, but no more than some of the older bars in Ireland.\n•Guinness on Tap\n• Live football matches on show\n• Decent cocktails (€6 each)\n• Small Indoor and decent size outdoor seating.\n•free crisps and peanuts when you drink.\n•Only one bathroom (unisex)", 'We had a good time at the pub with a nice view of the piazza. The drinks were nice and the service very fast', 'Very nice pub and great people!', "“A looong wait”\n\nI was in this pub on 28 December 22, we were 8 people for dinner and we waited so long before eating that at a certain point we thought they had forgotten about us! The dishes finally arrived, I had ordered a sandwich with hamburger, bacon and potatoes, the potatoes cold and dry for who knows how many days without talking about the bacon that was on my boyfriend's hamburger and in my sandwich... cold and not at all tasty . I give three stars to this place for two reasons: 1- two of the people at my table were satisfied\n2- the place has a good reputation... maybe the staff wasn't at the top that evening :(", 'Beautiful experience, the place is extremely welcoming, the musical choices are fantastic and super spot on, I really appreciated the food, with a truly vast choice of appetizers, sandwiches and wraps. Entering Tartan seems like entering a small corner of Great Britain but in reality we are simply in Volla. A nice place to gather with friends, I highly recommend it❤️❤️', 'Quiet place, furnished in Scottish style, good food', 'Great little pub for watching sport and getting some cheap food and drinks. Nothing fancy but great location and great service.', 'Open till 2am , best place to chill out !!', 'Irish type pub.  Which are not easy to find in naples', 'Not open', 'Excellent pub in Naples with very good quality of food ,great burgers, fries, sausages, even deserts were excellent.\nWe enjoyed a lot on our visit to Naples', "We came to here from Israel and it's absolutely one of the best restaurants in vomero for sure (alongside blackwood restaurant).\nHighly suggest the burgers, chicken skewers. The crepe Nutella is also of high quality just like in France (I'm French myself).", "Super friendly staff in this pub that serves nice tap beers. Genuinely asking where you are from, what you are doing in Naples etc. Nice Rock music, not too loud. Small outdoor space. I didn't try the food but it looked good from other tables. I recommend paying a visit if you hang out in Vomero neighbourhoods! :)", 'this is the place to be if you want to enjoy a good burger in naples.\nFries and  beers are amazing', "After more than 20 years I've returned to the Pub that has seen me grow up....O Pub and don Mimì! Today there is Ciro who has been working there since he was 16, first as a waiter and then as owner! Excellent food, beer 🍺🍺🍺 ditto .... Chapoo at the First Pub in the area north of Naples", 'We ordered two take-out sandwiches:\n1 Maradona and 1 personalized.\nExcellent product quality and very punctual home delivery service, indeed, even in advance.\nAdvised', "Good\nOverall good sandwiches, but tasting the Hamburger alone I was so disappointed that I didn't even eat it.\nI had a Marina sandwich\nThe other was the. Big ciro and then a potato with porchetta.\nWhatever conclusions: the Wuuuaauu didn't start.\nI will go back hoping to change my mind and maybe add a star.", "There are so many beers available and the owner is very knowledgeable about beers so as to recommend both based on taste and with the combination of sandwich / pizza / pita.\nIn my opinion, the best sandwiches are the Big Ciro, but the Superbomba isn't bad either. For the more courageous, I also recommend trying Poker. Fast service and quiet place.", 'Avoid this bar if you are a tourist\nToday, when i ordered my beer, i showed the happy hour advert  and i was charged 11 -ish euros for 2 beers. 8 was the price.', "What a wonderful place! They have a lot of beers and you can even drink good red wine! Don't miss it!!!!", 'Food was very tasty.  Plenty of screens if you want to watch matches too.', 'We came to this place seeing the reviews. It was such a nice welcoming place, the waiters speaks English and they help you out. The food and beers were good. Prices fine. Crowded and busy place', 'Only popped in for a quick beer Meteor a French Blanche beer, which was nice.', 'Nice Irish style pub close to center of the city!!Good beer options and kitchen, great for football lovers!!', 'Very nice place, casual, good rock/metal music and excellent choice of whiskey', 'Great staff and welcoming people. Great little bar.', 'The ambient was really good. We went to the karaoke Thursday and had a lot of fun. The staff was polite and the prices are regular. It was a bit sad though that the stopped putting our songs in the screen without an explanation. The karaoke can definitely be better organized.', 'Great place to have a beer (IPA Lagunitas) and a bite in the evening after the football. They have screens and follow the main football and rugby competitions', "On our way home from the eurovision village, it looked like it was the only place open late at night nearby. Friendly staff although I'm not entirely sure how we managed to spend 50€ for 3 aperol spritz, 2 g&t and a mixed platter of fried things", 'Good pub. They serve nice sandwiched and fried appetizers. Pretty good beer selection.', 'We have been in this place with my friends,atmosphere was nice,food was good,we take our own order and paid it and bring our drinks on our table,but it is not nicely way when customers were still eating,and the waiters continue to ask if they can take the plate out.\nMaybe they want  us to go and leave the place soon ,because with that attitude they put stress in every people who want to stay still .', 'A bit worried with the plastic table and chairs outside, but a really local place, with great pizza and Aperol, also salads and sweets. You order like a proper English man: at the bar, taking your drink and waiting for your food to be served! Really polite personel, great location next to the central bus station!', 'Excellent grilled veal and chicken chop for dinner. The buttered spinach was a good side to go with the chicken.\nThough the medium rare veal could be less cooked, it was very tasty anyways.', 'Me and my partner ate here tonight on the last night of our holiday, and it was honestly the best pizza AND pasta we have had all week! We are both from Scotland and we loved all the Scottish memorabilia around the pub! All of the staff were extremely helpful and kind (even though we knew no Italian) which we appreciated a lot. Also, even though it was a busy Friday night the service was fast and the food came in good time, again being the best food we had eaten all week! We can’t wait to come back one day - grazie mille, dalla Scozia!', 'Self service place for drinks only. The ambience is good as of an old Irish pub. But I must say random people selling stuff enter through the side doors 😂which I found pretty weird.', "Really friendly staff, great live music and reasonable prices. We went for Paddy's day and had so much fun. Only negative are the women's toilets....a hole in the floor. See picture", 'Chatty staff, burgers and chips were great, prices decent.', 'Cozy Irish pub with characters inside and behind the bar. Marco is a star bartender who treated us to a great time and connected us to other English speakers there. Fries are pretty good too. Lots of laughs. Great music and they take requests. Make sure to sketch an eye for their wall. Ps. We love you Marco!', 'Amazing place, great characteristic and folk feel. Food is special and tasty. A very fine selection of beers on tap. Personnel is kind and fast. Really big place with fine arts, a typical Scottish/Irish feel from tapestry to tables and stools with dim lights and good music. Highly recommend!', 'Went there today (Sunday) and nobody was inside.   F1 from Netherlands was on TV which I wanted to see.   Sat there for an hour with no-one else and had two pints.    Then they started putting stickers on all the chairs around me to reserve the area.   Then immediately changed the channel to European Football, and I was still on my own.   No word why.  The F1 GP only had 4 laps to go.   Never again you miserable mugs.', "Excellent venue, felt like a genuine bar in Ireland, the beer alas wasn't great and the bar service not on the mark for an Irish bar, but well worth a visit!", 'Entrecôte was really good. Same for the beer.\nStaff very friendly.\nShame they were no atmosphere. I expected to see few people for Liverpool ManU game, but was on my own.\nFew people for the Italian game.', 'Delicious ribs and good range of beers. There is this Hob House 13 beer, I really recommend you to try.', 'Very nice bar. While their Long Island Ice Tea is done not very well. White Russian is good.', 'Food is great!  I was there early and not crowded.They take credit card. Limited English but very helpful.', 'Great place and atmosphere. Open also on Mondays.', '', '', '🍺', 'Great place to grab a pint!', 'Good service and food food', 'Very poor service', 'Brilliant local pub! Thanks so much for putting Eurovision on for us yesterday, the atmosphere was fantastic!', 'I love this pub! Great service and food. Friendly staff, reasonable prices, and free WiFi.\n\nOutside seating with TV screens, perfect for watching the world cup.', 'Great little pub (actual pub - not a bar / cafe) with reasonably priced drinks! Tennents on special for €3!\nGood service and loved the music.', 'Quick beer on way through town to watch football.', 'Overall it’s a nice bar, the beer are good but the food took very long to arrive and wasn’t as tasty.\n\nIn fact the service was a bit long when the bar was almost empty.', "Ate here twice, wasn't disappointed, great food to go with a beer, cool atmosphere on the weekends and all the sports I expected was on TV.", 'Amazing place to get any type of Italian dish,  a quick bite or nice lunch/dinner alone or with friends. The price is very reasonable (although a bit higher than average). There is a wide variety of beers and pizzas to choose from. You can watch games as well as play billiard and there are countless seats available if you are in a big group.', 'Great sports pub in the centre of Turin. Good food and drink choices', "Very good variety and quality of beers. It gets noisy at times, but overall it's very good. It has a room with a pool table, foosball, darts, etc.", 'Not bad for a small restaurant. Fair price, decent meal too ✔️', 'THE BEST BREWERY', 'Not bad', 'Great pub for hangout, they have good discounts and the ambiance is nice. It is also possible to watch sports matches here. Convenient for Uni students.', "Pretty good pub, always full with people but as lomg as you can find a place to sit, you're gonna enjoy your drink", 'Youth friendly place. The right place to have fun with your friends.\nYou could have some promotions on the drinks.', 'Had a nice dinner with a Caesar Salad and enjoyed the usual Open Mic Standup Comedy on Monday evening a lot!', 'Nice place. Good drink, good food and good service.', 'What a great little spot owners are fab and omg dont be fooled by this little bar it has the BEST pizza in the whole of italy actually all the food is amazing here LOVE THESE GUYS', 'Nice Vibes, Cool and Friendly service.', 'Nice beer and happy st.patrick in advance', 'Not enough choice of beer in a pub. it’s strange!\nThe place is normal\nPrices are correct\nMaybe I will try something else', 'Delicious Hamburgers. Good service. American/Italian style.', 'After being turned away at the Eurovision Village after it filled up earlier than expected , my husband and I were wandering the streets of Turin (not as bad as it sounds), in search for somewhere to watch the final live show. We came to the Overbridge Pub, and not only did we get seats, but great seats and great service. The staff works so hard, and naturally the place is packed. Drinks and food is still served promptly and with a smile. Would def go again', 'Everything was great ! I had tried a few starters and beers, and really NOTHING could beat this place.. The staff were super friendly and very fluent in English, so I really had a very great time there... I would recommend it, for sure.. One of the best pubs in Turin ! ✌️\nGrazie mille per avermi ospitato ! ♥️', 'Expensive beer double the price than other places.', 'Good place friendly staff good drinks and food!', 'Great food and great craft beers selections', 'Quiet, popular English-style pub, located in a beautiful street in Santa Rita. Quiet area and frequented by kids, families, groups of friends... it has a part of the brewery inside with table football, and darts.... outside there is a large outdoor area. The owner very kind. You can order everything, from beer to a dish to enjoy together.... a chat and laugh in company....', 'Very nice place, a country decoration that set you in a western mood and a very friendly bartender. However, he does not speak english.', 'Best beer joint in town ever with the best music and the friendliest staff', 'Maurizio is the best!', "Little corner of USA in Turin, Maurizio is a super host and you'll feel at home in a matter of nothing. Country music all the time, cash only (no credit cards).", 'Very rude staff, we reserved a table via google and when we were there they asked us to change the table and move our things and they sent us to an other table(which was awful and they gave our table to a couple), when we asked them the reason they said because we didn’t order any food !!!worst experience in Italy , very disrespectful', "I've been here Thursday evening at 10PM. Many tables available, but then it quickly filled up. Nonetheless, the noise level never grew too loud, and I could still hear the nice background music. Being able to talk and not shout is not something to take for granted in a crowded place, even more so among Italians.\n\nYou order at the counter, but you pay when you leave, which is my favourite method: you don't have to wait for busy understaffed waiters, but you also don't have to reach for coins every half an hour. I'm talking about coins because a medium Weiss beer was just 3,5€.\n\nClean bathroom, with the sink separated for the WC, so you don't have to wait if you just want to wash your hands before you eat.", "A busy pub but they can manage its a small area but it's cozy and nice 😀 the owner are very accomodating and everyone's busy at bar 🍸", 'Pretty nice Irish-style pub, with wood furniture and walls full of stuff. The supply of beer and food is very good too, overall recommended', "Not your typical irish bar, as it is mixed in with a large dose of fantasy (mainly LOTR). However, they do all the standard Irish pub things you would expect. The food is a spin on Irish/British, but isn't really either. Still, they do some decent bar grub and burgers by the looks of it. BBQ wings in a bucket, seems to be extremely popular with the locals. Staff were friendly, good service and reasonable prices.", 'Good value bar and is a little bit different! We enjoyed some cocktails and beers here and the staff were very friendly', "Great beer selection! Kilkenny on draft, as well as an IPA. Friendly service. When you're in search of an Irish pub this is a good choice for Palermo.", 'Checked this place out on my last night in Palermo and lucked into a live rock band:  my first time hearing R&R in Italian (and I think some of the songs actually had an Irish lilt to them!) Had a great time enjoying the crach and spotting Lord of the Rings mementos.\n\nThey could use some coaching on how to pour Guinness, but it was still a pleasant and delicious surprise.', 'Good choice of beers and amazing setting! There were some musicians at the terrace and everyone was dancing and having fun. One of the best bars we did in Palermo!', 'Really good cocktails - loved the Moscow Mule. Buzzing atmosphere', 'Nice place to hang out outdoors. They have lice music and they give out free appetizers some times. Service is friendly and very fast. Not a lot of choice of beer but the make any cocktail you want.', "Nice location. Drinks are cheap and it's full of young people and students. Definitely go there if you want to socialize around a drink in the evening during your trip. Good music! And you can enjoy the beautiful piazza around.", 'Dilapidated hole', '', 'Okay bar, but has definitely nothing to do with an Irish pub. And they only cash, though pretty much every place you can pay by card.', "Friendly staff - speak a little Italian and they are quite friendly. Drinks were strong and worth it. Had a nice Monkey Gin and Tonic. I don't know whether they are supposed to be an Irish Pub as would be the name, but damn they have a class bar tender", 'Good coffee  and nice food ! And sooo cheap :)', "Great place to have a drink and something to eat, staff are very professional, it's a pleasure to spend an evening there", 'Love this place!! The food, service and atmosphere is amazing!', 'Ok', 'But everything ok?! We went for dinner, a group of 10 people. So-so food, cheap and expensive pizzas! Waiting for an hour and a half, they completely forgot a pizza, one was brought burnt, you ordered 4 cans and one arrived, waiters who bump into customers several times, dirty dishes that remain on the table with the other courses already you arrive, owners discussing animatedly with the employees in front of the customers.\nFor the place and the prices you offer, one expects a service 10 times better than this!!', 'L unica nota positiva è la cantate che con il tributo ad Elisa ci ha veramente soddisfatto\nCibo pessimo, hamburger andato a male , qualità bassissima\nNon capisco come mai un locale  non ci tenga a fare bella figura con i clienti ma pensa solo a dare m**** in pasto pur di guadagnare\nNon ci torno più così come tutti i miei amici . Abbiamo rimandato indietro tutti gli hamburger\nMi spiace non faccio mai recensioni così negative ma mi sembra giusto farla per fare si che il locale migliori sempre più ..', '', '', '', '', 'Really friendly staff put the Brighton Europa league game on for us when we couldn’t find it anywhere else - reasonably priced beers at €4 for a corona. They let you bring your own food in from elsewhere too. Only downside is the toilet gets a -1/10', 'They put on the World Cup rugby for us, no problem. Great pub!', 'Put on the rugby world cup for us, cold beer and really friendly!', 'Cheap, cheerful, and plays the premier league. Nothing fancy but you get what you want.', 'Small and historic bar. Good for a quick coffee and some croissants.', 'Nice staff. The best coffee in the area.', 'Good coffee and fabulous croissants', '', 'Great Metal bar with wonderfull staff.\nExtensivve selection of drinks and great people to meet even if you cannot speak Italian.', 'Nice small Pub with great Music, great people and cheap drinks.\nLoved the visit and met so many great people!', 'Solid metal bar for beers on a Monday night. A bit stuffy/hot inside, but the music was great.', "If you're over the age of 19, you really shouldn't frequent this place even if it is cheap", 'nice staff - good food - funny environment', 'Good', "The veggie sandwiches on the menu were a little sad so I tell the waitress that I would give her the ingredients I wanted and she doesn't object.\nMy sandwich was with iceberg, grilled courgette, Emmental, mushrooms, mozzarella, oregano and oil and I tell her I want it big! I'll have another one made with a fried egg but different type of bread. A bomb! Vegetarians, go there and have Emanuele prepare your sandwiches!! Very serious", 'Last night, for the first time, my boyfriend and I decided to try this place.\nReally excellent. Good quality mixed starter, the panels were incredible, excellent sandwich and also the boy who followed us the whole time, making sure everything was fine, is an extra gem..\nSee you next time to try the first ones... Congratulations', 'Top!!!', 'Cozy place, excellent sandwiches, I recommend it', 'Old Nash or a job done well. If the yardstick of judgment was the experience of the managers alone then it would be 8 stars instead of the expected .5. Infarti rather than old Nash should be called Original Nash, in fact this pub and sandwich shop is managed by all former employees of the historic Nashville in Palermo. The sandwiches are good, the service is friendly and the cocktails are the right ones. Despite tradition, even the novice customer will be satisfied. In conclusion, prices in line with the market and if I really have to make a note: I would improve the bread a little because there is no limit to quality', 'Pleasant external environment, adequate service but the chicken burger I ate was of poor quality and it was not clear what type it was. It had a strange consistency and in the middle of the sandwich, which was practically a brioche, it was barely noticeable', 'Top', 'A fixed stop on our outings now, knowing that we will always find it open, unlike the other places next door. It feels like being at home, top environment! Delicious food and really good cocktails!', 'very welcoming place, top staff although I recommend Fridays and Sundays for the sweet waitress Angela, cheerful, friendly and always alert. but also highly recommended for the music.', "Not bad food and drinks\nThe venue is also very nice.\nCasual environment.\nKind service available.\nHonest prices.\nToo bad it's in the ZTL but if you're lucky you can park a few hundred meters away.\nAdvised.", 'Well selected artisanal beers but change frequently if not daily. Dont count on having the same beer you had last time. I had the pulled pork but was too salty... the bbq needs some work. Nice atmosphere with good rock n roll music.', 'Just stopped into the beer shop and meet the owner 👍🏻 absolutely lovely passionate lady with a great knowledge of beer🍺\nI wish them all the best\n🍻', 'Great selection of beers. Very friendly staff.\nBurger not up to beer standards.', 'Great place with great beers and friendly, prepared staff. Also fantastic food', 'We all got a mega burger. Good but too greasy.', 'Yummy burgers. But very expensive. Excellent location', 'One of the worst venues, with bad service and quality', 'Great burger', "Tasty sweets and crunchy biscuits .\nBread is one of the bread I've ever tasted Italy wide .\nOnly coffee sold here could be better : improve your coffee and I'll surely turn my marks into a five-star review 😉", 'One of the great pleaces im the city to take a snack, lunch or aperitive. I can say that i tried almost all the menu they have and its very good done. If you search a traditional pezzi or want to take just a coffee with a cornetto or youre a sweet tooth quartararo is the place to go!', 'Good place if you want to grab a quick bite. Friendly staff and good service. Food was good. We had piadinas and they were very tasty. Also the gelatto was pretty good.', 'Excellent bakery with huge typical street food selection. Must to go for a quick lunch or dinner', 'Awesome food, drinks and extra sweets.', 'Fantastic value for the money, good food, central nice location, no hidden charges for seating, use of utensils or breathing :-). Very friendly service. We tried several restaurants in Isola Delle Femmine and this is the very best.', 'Highly recommended. Great service and amazing dishes', "Petica and her staff are great and friendly,  it's fun and friendly atmosphere.  They have live music in the plaza food n drinks are very good.😊❤🤩", 'Good coffee, good croissants and rotisserie too.... courteous staff, as soon as it also acts as a pizzeria I will be a loyal customer.,', 'Very welcoming place, the food is excellent and the staff is extraordinary', 'Nice place and friendly staff', 'Good croissants and cappuccino, friendly staff. ;-)', 'No food menu. They serve only bread. Interior looks very classy', 'It was relaxing, easy  going. It had many different types of  beer there', 'Probably the best pub in the city.', 'Non so', 'Years and years of beers, chats, parties, dinners...\nThe place is managed by Cito and his guys.\nA real Pub, in its offering and its soul.\nAwarded as the best Guinness Pub in Italy with all the right reasons.\nSandwiches, fried foods, meat, first courses, a vast and high quality choice.\nAnd then when they can organize evenings and parties again.... you will be able to see how a solid working group "throws up" a real party.\nSupport your local Pub!!!🍻', '"Typical" place of its category: simple furnishings with continuous references to Ireland, wooden tables and benches, warm, informal and welcoming atmosphere.\nYou immediately feel at ease.\nWe drank an excellent Guinness, served properly and at the right temperature.\nI\'ll be back.', 'Went with a couple of friends during the week. Perfect Guinness and friendly Irish pub atmosphere. Too bad it opens "late" (7.30pm)', 'We have been frequenting this pub for years now, tonight we tried the fried food....STRUPITOUSLY ABUNDANT, as usual, SUPER SATISFIED', 'Very quiet, beer selection. perfect for a nice evening with friends', "It's very nice to be", 'A magical place, it seems like going back in time, for those who love these suggestions, to try. A commendation to the owner, as my wife says, in the end those who are alike, we find each other. See you soon brother', 'Nice discovery, access to the place is reminiscent of a typical English pub, the owner is very kind after having consumed an excellent bottled beer, he kindly let me taste the same brewer on tap with a different beer, I will definitely come back ... thanks for the kindness', 'Very nice place.', "Came for breakfast, very good coffee but at the price displayed I would have expected a glass of water. While as far as the croissant is concerned, it's not bad, it's a shame that food must always be taken with gloves or alternatively with tongs!", "I'm just saying that we got three cappuccinos and three empty croissants for the modest sum of 12 euros! Poor cleaning.", "We stopped in for a breakfast. Clean and familiar environment, the bartender very kind and helpful. Good products. Great stop, I'll be back", 'Awesome place very cosy and good food', 'It’s a neat place! Good to grab some beats and a quick bite. The prices are good they are not to high. The staff is nice. The only thing is during the summer a fan would be nice inside. Also they have wifi so that is always a plus for me! Their play list is also not what I expected it’s very mid 2000s. I enjoyed it.', 'Food was on point and beer even better. The prices are fantastic for the portion size\nAnd tho we only spoke English we were able to get what we wanted and enjoy a crisp draft', 'Actually, it looked the part, but there was a layer of grime on everything. The worst sin was the quality of the Guinness, though... they either need to re-plumb the lines, or give them a good clean.', 'Top', 'Amazing vibe.', 'Wide choice of sandwiches with excellent quality products; I tasted "Lo Zozzo"..... exquisite!\nPossibility of combining delicious and tasty side dishes (fried ravioli, baked potatoes).\nWide choice of craft beers.\nabsolutely worth trying!', 'Best pub in the neighborhood. Great selection of beers. Friendly and fast service.', 'They accommodated 2 and a dog and they changed the channel for us to watch a soccer game! Good beer and atmosphere. Definitely a local hangout spot, but even as foreigners we felt very welcomed, especially our dog!', 'Great service, great food and a wonderful environment! Beautiful garden and outdoor area.', 'Great beer selection; local to worldwide, knowledgeable staff.  Good atmosphere, good gantry.  Simple, but good food: burgers (proper ones) and the like.', 'Lorenzo was a great server. He spoke fluently in English. The recomondations worked well and the food was fresh. Would definitely come back.', "Reheated potatos tart instead of french fries and very small wurst. The 1l bear was in reality 0.8 l and ... indeed not an austrian or german restaurant/bar as they pretend to be ....\n\nI'll insert here my answer to your reply because it shocked me the way you called us.. Your words let me speachless.... although I'll specify that our question regarding the country origin of the owner came in the context of the mixed therms from your menu, where you are using words as bavarez and tirolez for your products and services ( in a bavarez bar/restaurant) which are totally different things and a person originar from one of this places will know that. That's being said this is not an excuse for your poor quality of the products and services.\nI hoped that this was only an misunderstanding, that is why we didn't made photographs from the begining, but I'm sure that your future clients will be convinced of the reality.", "Really nice place for a calm night out! Waitress and cooker are super nice. It's not the original menu from Munich, but still the sausages are really nice :)", 'It was lovely 😍 👌 👍 highly recommended', "There aren't many places in Genova to drink beer and watch sports, but this place is one of them. Good food and service too.", 'My favourite pub in Genoa , with great food and atmosphere. Downstairs there is also a tablesoccer and a smoking area.\n\nIs great to watch soccer games and have a great time with your friends. Very recommended', 'Best bar in Nervi. Great food, beers and fantastic service. Highly recommended to go for a good night out with friends!', 'If you are in Nervi and you need a great place where to have a pint and dinner for a *very* reasonable price and without the need of reservation, you just found your place.', 'Great burgers and beer. Friendly staff, totally recommend', "Great pub and the owner of course knows his beers.\n\nMaybe is not a hidden gem but for me it was. I'm grateful for my Genovese friend who took me there :)", 'They are amazing!!! Guys brought us focaccia for free :) The guys working there are incredible. Totally worth it!', 'Great service, friendly waitres, tasty aperol!', 'Nice prices, friendly staff. They have a nice soccer table too and also board games.', 'Great place with nice beers and good food to spend few jours with friends', 'Amazing pub. Great beers and generous free snaks', "Everywhere better than here! They didn't share wi-fi code, they haven't a cigarette area, menu is just Italian, street toilets better than this place's toilets. Sandwiches are good but hamburgers too bad. They have a lot of kind beer so it's good but in the result of   quality 18%.", 'Friendly pub with very good selection of beers from around Europe.', "My review is not valid, I'm biased… 😂", '', '', 'Nice place for beer I will visit next time', 'Good beer while watching the football game in an elegant bar', 'Ok', 'best place in tocwn for real beer lovers !!', 'Such a cool atmosphere! Great for aperitivo, the snacks were perfect for our drinks and the host/bartender was super nice to us.', 'Great place at Porto Antico to have beer, wine or cocktails. Good environment and the staff is kind', 'Great friendly service,  superb location and without doubt the BEST burger I have ever had !! Without doubt !!! The bun was soft and fresh , the pattes were delicious,  salad and mayo spot but the crispy bacon was immense!!!!! Topped with fantastic fries\nPlus .... All reasonably priced ...', 'Av! Not sure what is considered ‘good’ here but, by me, it was average.\nNice staff, cool location and atmosphere but just not that impressed (Mayo served with chips tasted funky) …sorry guys', 'Really good location with very nice service and good cocktails. You should definitely visit it while being in Genova!!', "Lively pub, friendly crew behind the bar good selection of beer. What's not to like.", 'The best place for the evening drink with great atmosphere and very friendly barman😁thank you for the music Kamila and Marcin', 'Great bar with friendly staff!', 'Very authentic. Local guests only. You can spend more time in the bar with your drink, reading or observing the life of the Genovese people.', 'You can sit and order something in peace with polite and kind staff', 'Friendly staff . Just had a quick bite to eat.', 'Very austere, but very comfortable.', 'A classic Genovesi bar selling the Genova juice. Good people tiny place always busy but stop by to try the local sauce. You will be happily surprised! 11/10', 'Enjoy the classic corochinotto and focaccia! Such a genuine local experience', 'Authentic old school Italian bar run by a lovely old couple. Mostly attended by uni students on Fri and Sat night. The only place in town where you should taste Asinello and basil liquor. Absolutely a must in your pub crawling bar list!', 'One of the best bars in Genoa, cheap and friendly. They also give away Asinello posters and calendars.', 'We ate the pasta with salmon & pasta pesto, very good & nice service :).', 'Very friendly staff, good cocktails and good food for a small price', "At first it didn't look fancy but the food turned out to be very very good, service had personal touch and selection of alcohol was decent. I as a picky eater recommend.", 'I was there 3 Days ago. The 2 Guys do the top and are very friendly.\nGreetings from Bern', "Can't go wrong with an Irish pub! My only wish/want as a foreigner would be to see more live music at this venue. That addition would make it absolutely outstanding! Either way it's worth a visit for a brewski.", 'The place was okay. Not very crowded when we came, we got a tablet immediately. toilet was not dirty but full of writings on the wall. Cocktails and other drinks serve in a plastic which is not good qnd not environment friendly.', 'Nice selection of beers\nNormal pub food, not exceptional but not bad.\nThe atmosphere is nice and it gets busy later at night\nI would definitely go back for the beers and atmosphere', 'Exactly what you wish for in an Irish-like pub. Great draughts, a nice food menu, amicable staff, and nice rock music.', "I always crafting for Guinness, and this place offered me the best  Guinness in Bologna.\n\nWhen I visited this place, this place was not so crowded and I also could enjoy football match, so I think this is the place to chill and spent night.\n\nOne more thing, I really love the old-style design of this bar. Of course I'll visit this place again!", 'when I drop here at 7pm, was a very quiet and quaint place. And very delicious, especially the beer.', 'Great pub, frendly staff, very attentive service, tasty beer, great cheese/cold cut board. Recommended!', 'Came in during a busy time during f. Ball but got served immediately with beers an cider, cocktails are best ordered after busy times as the staff are busy but deffinatly worth the wait, staff are accomadating and became friends with a few after the crowd cleared, 😉', 'Surprisingly good Irish pub type watering hole. The Guinness was pored competently and correctly and the prices are reasonable.', 'Last time was 10 years ago\nBut its nice to see that its the same\nGood beers and whisky, lovely emploied, football and basket in the TV, in the center of BOLOGNA\nBeautifull place to spend a funny evening', 'Nice staff and venue. Huge selection of draught ales (Guinness & Kilkenny) but a bit out of the way so lacking vibe', 'Staff very friendly, went here first before going for meal', 'A great pub with great staff and owner, very friendly and reasonably priced.', 'Great bar nice beers very friendly staff', 'I am going there tonight,   it will be good. Also, I will learn Italiano', 'Top', 'My partner and I went some time ago for a beer, the person at the counter was very kind, he let us taste and recommended the beers (very good). We liked one smoked one in particular very much. She was very kind and competent.', "Highly recommended pub for those looking for a family environment in which to enjoy excellent craft beers. Convenient location in the center of Bologna, very good cuisine. Friendly staff attentive to the guest's needs.", 'Pleasant and welcoming place in a central but slightly out of the way location, helpful staff, the owner recommended excellent beers, there are cold dishes but also complete dishes, average prices.', 'And then it happens that one evening in October you join friends in the centre, but someone who was already there was so impressed by the inauguration of the new pub that it makes you completely rethink the evening\'s programme. Tonight we\'ll eat here, at the Beltaine Celtic Pub!\nYou will understand, a new pub in Bologna, one of many. This is what you might think. But no, the Beltaine Celtic Pub is not a pub like the others.\nIt is a very special pub, especially for lovers of the Apennines! Oh yes, because here there are the flavors of the woods and chestnut trees, of our mountains (apart from some piadina which, so to speak, is from Romagna yes, but it\'s always there).\nHere you can drink a delicious craft beer, that of the Beltaine brewery in Granaglione! Even the water "comes down from the mountains", it\'s her: Cerelia water!\nThis time the mountain came down to the city not to "seek luck", but to bring its luck!\nThe pork and wild boar sausage are delicious! Accompanied by truly delicious and tasty potatoes. With tagliatelle then, you have the opportunity to taste the mountain style: those beautiful portions of substance.\nAnd to conclude...a tender dish with exceptional mascarpone! Really delicious and delicious!!\nThen when you read "sausage and beans" on the menu, you know that you really have to go back to that pub!\nWell done guys, I wish you good luck! Let\'s enhance and show our Apennines!', 'What a joke. The staff here is so disinterested in their work. Over priced drinks with zero service. Luckily we did not order food. It looked edible yet you could see everyone waiting forever for it. And it was not even very busy. Go to the Irish Pub 50m up the road.', "A brilliant night at the Empire.  Firstly,  the music was top class, unlike the Irish pub Clurichanes before it. Dead as a door nail. I'm Irish so I was majorly disappointed.  But the Empire saved the day. The music had us dancing.  We could see there was a Birthday party in the corner.  But that was as dead as the Irish pub. Then Aldo, the Birthday boy saw us dancing and made his way to us and the party started . We were invited in to their private party and we accepted and had a great night. Food, Champagne and cake followed. Also , modestly to us, we got the people dancing. And a great night was had.\nHave to say, the staff were 100%.\nThe Empire is thoroughly recommended.", 'amazing place for gathering with friends and watching matches, drinks are good and you have a lot of choice you can order something to eat too. I really recommend to try burgers. staff are friendly and helpful. prices are fair you can orders cocktails for 6 or 7 euros', 'Big pub with many drinking options. Service is fine, location is good. The toilet is absolutely disgusting.', "Went looking for an Irish/English bar to celebrate my birthday.  Couldn't find it and wandered across this gem. The music caught our interest straight away, The Kinks, and though it was very humid we went inside.  Small but plenty of room. Sarah the Spanish waitress greeted us warmly, as did the barman Daniel. We quickly had two Peroni's and I spoke to Daniel about the music. It was his playlist and I complimented him on it. I asked, cos of my birthday,  could he play Rory Gallagher?\nHe didn't know him but searched and immediately put him on. He was so impressed, he kept him on for a while.\nMeanwhile,  Mary was talking to the clientele,  who were very friendly.\nThe bar has such a great vibe. Cocktails galore were being made and everyone was happy. I couldn't have asked for a better place to celebrate my birthday.", 'Lime Bar Bologna is the perfect spot for anyone looking for a night out.\n\nThe drinks are strong and the music is great. Tegroni cocktail recommended!\n\nThe staff is friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere is perfect for a fun night out with friends. I highly recommend this place!', 'A cool place for an evening drink.\nFriendly staff,  good drinks🍹.\nSitting outside even alone is interesting, you can watch the street, passers-by.\nThere is a chance to chat with others -  practice some Italian, for example.\n\nGrazie per i bei ricordi di Bologna 🙂', 'Lovely cocktail bar. Visited during the day and then returned in the evening for a few more drinks. Lovely staff and great atmosphere', "I just say, they have Augustiner, and it's well drafted.\nThat enough to me to be one of the best three places in Bologna for beer. Recommended.", 'old style pub, great selection of draft beers, friendly vibes...in the heart of bologna pratello. recommended.', 'Great, friendly bar with a real local neighbourhood feel, cracking range of beers. Warm and friendly during the day, really lively and friendly in the evening.', 'The best Aperol Spritz we drunk in Bologna, one of the cheapest ones.', 'NOT an English style pub. Barn like space with lots of tables and bench seats. We arrived 10 minutes after advertised opening time and were clearly getting in the way of the staff having a chat. Significantly better places within a short walk, and nowhere near worth an expedition out of central Bologna.', 'Nice friendly pub. Coming from the USA I had to try a burger 🍔 . It was OK, not great. The fries were very good and large selection of drinks.', 'Excellent penne all’arrabbiata…I like my food spicy and this was the perfect amount of spice for me', 'There are a lot of amazing pubs in Bologna. Old Bridge is the best.', 'Delicious beers and great atmosphere!', 'mmmmmmmmm', 'Baladin craft beer not bad but not one of my favourites. Very slow restaurant service, half an hour waited for two canapés with the place not full. Luckily they were also good in the end.\nThe main room is nice and has something characteristic, which the two rear rooms do not have.', 'I expected a little more from a pub on Via San Felice. Little assortment of food and beers, excessive waiting given that there were no other customers. I will definitely go back, hoping to see more quantity on the menu!', 'Nice', 'One of my favorite places', 'An overnight guarantee', 'Fantastic venue!!!!!', 'Worse than could happen', "Bar and pastry shop a stone's throw from the symbol of Bologna from which it takes its name\nname you can drink excellent coffee and taste excellent plated cakes\nat the counter or sitting down, fast service\nwelcoming and bright room", "I only got coffee and it felt very Italian. Fast, tasty and inexpensive! Little hidden gem near the city's main landmarks!", 'Lovely little place for a coffee, small delicious snacks for breakfast and for an amazing Aperol Spritz. Prices are lower than in typical tourist spots, the owner is nice and helpful.', 'super friendly staff, authentic location, good wine and aperol. Can recommend it!', 'Drinking here is very pleasant and relaxing!!\nVery good tasting cocktails and professional bartenders!!!\nI recommend that little nice place to everyone!!', "A pub full of locals. Nice and friendly staff, tasty food, great cold beer. Easy to get there since it's next to a bus stop. Give it a try.", 'Top', 'Enjoyed Argentina vs Australia here!', 'Nice and cosy place. Friendly stuf.', 'Wonderful atmosphere!\nFriendly employees!\nAmazing coffee!\n100% recommend this bar!', "It's great that this place is open 24 hours. The old man owner however is not the most welcoming. We had a train to catch at 0440 and hence had to wait here for 2-3 hours. We bought drinks and food (a beer every 30 mins) and yet he kept on making us feel uncomfortable for waiting there. He also spoke no English, which made it hard to communicate anything with him, even the prices of our drinks.\nWith such an odd houred train, this place open 24x7 is indeed a blessing, albeit, the person running it is not.", '15€ for a small beer = 0,2ML\nAnd a small cocktail= 0,4ML\nNever go and drink something here worst bar I have visited in my whole live 🤮🤢🤢', 'Efficient and pleasant service, menu is limited but has something for anyone. Prices were reasonable and 24h opening is uncanny. Definitely recommended', "After a long day in the city, we wanted somewhere local to eat and happened on Ein Prosit near the apartment as walking any further was out.\nThe first waitress(blonde) was quite rude(hence the service score) and didnt smile, she must have been at the end of shift as we soon had a different server. She wanted our food order at the same time as our drink order but we hadnt even looked at the food menu by then. We asked for some olives whilst choosing, and this seemed to be beyond her comprehension. Eventually a plate of deep fried, breadcrumbed stuffed olives arrived which would have been better donated to Ukraine to use in cannons, the french fries were ok.\nOur Prosecco arrived, lovely chilled, and eventually an ice bucket too(it was still 34c).\nWe ordered mains, and waited a long time, however, when it arrived it was uninspiring. I ordered Meraner(Tyrolean sausage), and my wife ordered the Panna Tortelinni. My 2 sausages were nothing other than frankfurters...with a thousand slices and more french fries....with nothing else. My wife's pasta in cream was bland, tasteless(except for the cream taste) and clumped so probably microwaved.\nOur second waitress(brown hair, spectacles) was far more friendly and chatty.\nOverall, we should have walked a little further to find some decent food.", 'Big selection of beers. I told them what I liked and they proposed a good beer for me. The food was excellent and the staff friendly. Will visit again soon before I leave bologna. Definitely worth a visit when you come to this city.', 'Nice dinner!\nThe beer is good and the food too. The price is the right one because the portions are really big. Look at my stinco! 😍\n\nI recommend this place for people who like Austrian food and also for those who don’t want a fast food when they’re eating late at night.', 'Great place to watch the ATP tennis tour - Tsisipas now, Sinner later. Not a bad way to pass the afternoon, with a prosecco', 'Great spot for a drink right next to the Asinelli Tower. We loved sitting outside to hear the bell from the tower. Friendly service. Bathroom is available. Enjoy! (July 2022)', 'Very professional stuff, good selection of wines. And the fever of very famous Italian singer Vasco Rossi.', 'Great location inside antique shopping courtyard,very friendly service. Creative Coffee combinations,try the Ginseng Coffee,its great! Outside area heated,blankets available and Smoking allowed😎', 'This is a convenient spot to grab a quick snack or drink. The a/c is cool and relaxing and the location is just steps away from the famous leaning towers of Bologna. The coffee is good and strong and so is the limoncello... enjoy.', 'Old Stove is great example of a classic Irish Pub: inviting great vibes, food, and drinks. Came here to watch the Calcio Storico with some friends and had a great time! I highly recommend getting the Old stove burger, a combination i wasn’t sure expecting to be that delicious, alongside some well made fries.\nOutdoor seating is also available, and i would recommend this spot to anybody.', 'We enjoyed our Beer and Dinner sitting on thier patio. Service was great.  Would definitely return.', 'Second vist to this little gem of a pub , this time we had food and it was very good ,\nServices is very friendly,', 'Loved it here …. While in Florence recently it was the Australian NRL grand final. They let my husband stream it on their TV in the bar. We had Australians pack the bar which made for an amazing atmosphere and a very memorable day.\nAlso their burgers were great!', "They have a sitting area at the front of the bar and there is a bar in the ground floor/entrance area. It is a tiny place for a crowded night. The place also has an underground area which is slightly bigger. We went to a karaoke night but as the place is in underground there wasn't any service and even the wifi connection to the karaoke screen was poor. I wouldn't recommend for the people who has claustrophobia😬", 'Great service, great location but do not order burger, meat tasted like rubber. Pizza it’s ok.', 'Karaoke was main draw and I had a blast.  As of Sept-2023, karaoke schedule is Friday, Saturday, and Wednesday nights at 10:30PM to close.  Was able to sing many times with several Italian songs sang by locals, which was so fun.', 'Only had the dessert here. The nutella mug was clearly cooked in a microwave. Definitely not worth the money. Friendly staff though.', 'Delicious drinks 🥤 and toasted sandwiches Staff and service really good Enjoyed time there', 'Good atmosphere. Service was poor. I had full drink dropped on me by waiter. The people i was with advocated on my behalf for a free pint which was (begrudgingly) given.. Bar men were also quite surly to people that I saw them serving and me. Not much cheerfulness. Not a real Irish pub imho.', 'Found this beaut, at the Piazza del Duomo. It was open really late and there was a great vibe. Irish favourites like Guinness, and Kilkenny Red are available, and they even offer some food options. Music was great too!', 'The people behind the bar were very friendly and welcoming, especially the Jamaican server. In addition, the drinks were well priced and were very nice. Also met some American baddies which made the experience better.', 'The best place to watch Formula 1 if you are traveling through the area. Great beer, F1 race with a big tv and volume all the way up. Love it.', 'We didn’t get food here but this was a brilliant pub we found. Service was excellent and they were so attentive. Definitely worth a visit if this is the kind of place you enjoy.', 'Good pub atmosphere,some good stuff on tap cold and thirst quenching,we had the fish and chips which were good staff friendly and efficient,a good place to stop and have a few pints', "Decent small pub, nothing amazingly outstanding.\nWouldn't feel like im in Dublin though.\nToilet isn't the greatest place in the pub...\n5/10", "We stopped here for a drink only. Loved having a beer in an Irish pub in Italy. Great experience. Menu didn't seem enticing, but to have a drink and soak in the atmosphere of this pub with all the memorabilia scattered across the walls was great.", 'absolutely wonderful bar; all staff is very friendly and welcoming. the woman whom i believe may be the owner or manager is so very sweet. i could not be happier with the service and hospitality. plus- the drinks are reasonable priced! we visited every single night here on our trip to florence. we will never forget this bar ❤️', "This place was a cool little hole in the wall before departing Florence. We only had a shot and a drink here but I'd imagine it'd get busy and be a fun place to go.", 'Young pub with lots of spunk, good music, and beer. Have yet to try the food but got plenty of finger food with our drinks and great service. Would definitely recommend if you like small, clean pubs with craft brews and cocktails.', 'a classic pregame spot. drinks are $6, shots are $3. shot menu is huge and they have a different shot for every college. definitely more of a scene for Americans and those studying abroad. punch card gives you a free shirt after 20 drinks!! they also have a food menu that is decent.', 'Nice pub, good prices for the cocktails and on wednesday taco night with 2€ per taco very good and affordable. Also a great choice of draft beer and even draft apple cider.', 'Staff was great very understanding and helpfull and always in a good mood. The bar felt very safe with all the security around, prices are very good for the location too. The ambiance was amazing i would advise this bar for any young tourist or students.', "Delicious pasta, best spinach side dish I've had in a long time, great bottle of Chianti and lovely service. Highly recommend.", 'Staff were lovely, happily found the football game my husband wanted and put it on a separate TV for him as locals were watching an Italian game. We stayed way past the game, had drinks and some good pub food. It was a Sunday so quiet but a very nice venue would definitely go back 👍', 'After visiting the Santa Croce Basilica I was on my way the the Hard Rock Cafe for a late lunch. I stumbled on Fitzpatrick’s Irish Pub and very happy I did.  Fitzpatrick’s is a beautiful pub. I spoke a few minutes to who I found out was the owner. The pub has not been opened very long but the place is impressive. Of course I had a Guinness and ordered a chicken burger.  The pub is deceptively large. The food was great and the service even better. Do yourself a favor and visit Fitzpatrick’s, you will not be disappointed.', 'Really cool decor and ambience. i had delicious appetisers here and the staff were friendly. great spot for a drink.', 'Genuinely Irish food, much of it flown in. Great beers, Jimmy FitzP will serve you a great pint - or any of the bar staff. Lots of rooms in the layout give a feeling of being in a smaller pub even if it can accommodate a lot of people. Plenty of TVs, sparkling bathrooms, central location', 'Love love love this place. Not the cheapest option in Florence but definitely one of the best experiences! My favorite deal is the rum and coke pitcher for 10€ or the pitcher of Guinness for 13€. Connor and Roy are the best bartenders around! Super hardworking, friendly, and fun. Great music and great vibes. Always a good place to pregame before a night out. The balcony is the best part if you can get out there, it’s a beautiful spot to sit and people watch and enjoy the scenery of the duomo! I will never forget the great memories I’ve made at this spot:)', "As a tourist, I was trying out all the different places. Stumbled upon this place, liked the outdoor set up.\n\nOn a fine afternoon, not a bad place to sip beer with your best friends and who doesn't like burger?\n\nBeer was good,  food was yummy and so was the service. Not sure if I will be visiting Florence again, but if I do, I'll come back here again.", 'Service was super friendly, music was good, Guinness pour was solid (I’m Irish btw)', 'Don’t go to vodkas as they will rip you off… just ice and water even better\nNext door to Move on  ( I did)', "Perfect non-tourists' place! Old fashioned styled pab with a good beer and wonderful atmosphere!!! Nice and friendly barmen!!! I wish I had been there in the late evening! Small glass is 3,5€ and a big one is 6€", 'Great little pub. I watched Celtic beat Aberdeen to win the league here in 2019. Nice pint of Guinness. Bar staff very friendly. Home from Home.', 'One guy helped us get to our hotel which was super nice. We stopped by for a drink later and had a couple of beers. The atmosphere was great, the bartenders we great, and the hot dog had no business being as good as it was!', "I saw this fine pub on the way back to my hotel after a really long afternoon walking the city. I decided to come check it out and found a great place to relax, talk to some wonderful locals and listen to great music. The beer selection is good but the atmosphere is what really hooked me, I was very comfortable there.\nDon't hesitate to stop by for good drink and good people.", 'Walked past & noticed the rugby, Italy Uruguay, match was on tv. Really friendly guy behind the bar, good at his job. Went back the following night to watch France v Namibia, bartender welcomed me back and was chatty. A good bar, great selection of on tap beers. Would recommend.', "This is by far my favourite bar in Florence! It's the perfect spot for students, watching sports, great music and a variety of drink options at an affordable price. The bartenders Beckam and Jill are the best! So friendly and welcoming every time I go. This is a must visit spot for your trip to Florence!!!", 'Such a great place to hang out and have drinks.  The staff is super friendly and pour great cocktails.  Live USA sports are on the TV if there so happens to be one on to watch.  Watch Celtics / Heat finals.  Bring some US$’s to leave your mark on the wall.', 'Our favorite pub in Italy! Spent every spare minute there and really enjoyed meeting people from all over the world. Tell Kaitlin and Beckham we said hi!', 'Me and my friends came her a few nights during our trip to Florence and oh my god. The bartenders are fantastic and I was not disappointed with a single drink. A lovely atmosphere with great music! I hope I’m able to return some day!!', 'We arrived all together as a group of 10 and booked prior, we asked to be sat near the ventilator and they stated they could not as a lady was sat where we were meant to be. They took our drinks order and forgot two of them, I mean if you are not able to remember them there is no shame taking down the orders with a notepad, the carbonara was not carbonara more an egg soup with some pancetta even though carbonara requires guanciale, the pasta ragù was over cooked, few of us ordered two courses and it took them more 20 minutes to serve us when we were the only one sat, apparently the chicken was tasteless and felt like it had been cooked the day before alongside the potatoes.\nThe waiter took her first break after 1 hour the place opened. Unprofessional, would not recommend. The “boss” was nice but maybe get ahold of your staff.', 'It was ok I guess, not very crowded but music too loud for being a small place, no entertainment but overall the drinks were good.', "the atmosphere was good but keep in mind that it's small bar for crowded activities or parties.", 'Friends Pub is a great place to stop in and feel welcome.  Ruby the bartender was very friendly and great to talk to.  Great selection of draft beer and liquor available.', 'Nice pub with different beers, cocktails, shots etc. Prices are a bit high but are on the "Florence level" 🤷\u200d♂️', 'Best pub in town. It just feels authentic, is full of local people, and a greater vibe all over the place. Here you can really meet friends !', 'Great place to have some beer cocktails or wine during your rushy day at Firenze', "Local rock bar, Amazing IPA and other beers, always nice service.  L'ora and Freddy make you feel at home! It's a must go in Florence...", "It was fine. It was a bit sleez-o but they're open late and they have good bartenders. They also let you drink outside until two. I have no complaints.", 'Me and my friend walked in to this bar accidently, but it was such a great experience! This bar is, opposite to the other bars in Florence, not very touristic. The bartenders are very nice and are always open to help you find your way around Florence or to start a conversation! The drinks and the atmosphere are great! Thank you so much :)', 'Went there on a Thursday night (our first night in Firenze) and found out a simple, cozy, really nice bar! The barman was super friendly, and we really had a great time drinking our cocktails!\nThe atmosphere of the bar is really nice and prices are OK!\nOverall, really great bar to do in Firenze!', 'After we checked out 4 other Irish Pubs that all seemed disappointing we went back to this one and it was a great choice. For us it was the perfect place for relaxing after a day in Firenze. Friendly staff, incredibly good prices compared to other places and good choice of beer and tasty classic cocktails, but also open to cocktail suggestions. Would definitely recommend it!', "Cosimo and Marco are extremely nice and you can see the enthusiasm and passion in the work they do! They have a wide variety of beers & cocktails, the music is great and so is the atmosphere. Love this place and couldn't recommend it enough 🖤", 'Really great bar with a very good price considering its a 500 year old building, owner is an absolute legend as well. Highly recommend!', "You'll agree from the moment you step throught the door.\nAmazing place!", 'Great pub! Dexter is a great host.  Also happens to pour the best Guinness in Florence and have a bunch of great beers on tap.  Definitely check it out.', 'The best pub in Florence\nWatch a few soccer matches and had a few too many beer there', 'Pleasant crowd and staff - well priced and just a solid spot overall. Thanks for hosting me. Came in to watch Liverpool beat Man City 3-0 for the Champions League QF.', 'Nice place to start your evening around Santa Croce. Find the best Guinness outside of Dublin here - which is no exaggeration! Their pints are really fresh & smooth. And at half the price, take that from someone who used to live in Dublin city. Friendly clientele and owners! Cheers #', 'Cool place to drop in for a quick beer with a familiar atmosphere (basketball on TV and friendly English speaking bartender and American music. Bonus: nice selection of Whisky', "This is just what I need in a pub. Great beers and very chill. Yasmine is a fantastic bartender and makes you feel welcome (even if you're a tourist). If and when I get back to Florence, I'll definitely be back.", 'Good beer selection, good vibes, friendly staff, saw some locals go to take a drink. Recommended if you are a craft beer fan.', "I didn't know what to choose so I asked for a recommendation from the barista. I appreciate the options I was given.\n\nThe place is not loud at all, perfect for casual chill time with friends.", 'Came quite early so plenty of room - ordered Negronis and they are very strong (that’s great!) 🥃🥃 and margaritas that’s also superb 👌🏼 🍸', 'I’m so glad we found this pub during my Erasmus! We spend nights in the large room at the back of the bar, drinking delicious beers cocktails. Thanks Carlo for running this incredible place, we will visit you for sure during our next trip to Firenze!🇫🇷🇮🇹', 'Alice is so cool! The pub is really nice and the prices are good. The vodka lemon is top and the mood is nice and rocky 😁💫', 'Friendly staff, low price and nice ambiance! Would recommend for drink :)', 'I ordered 3 times my meal to get it…\n1st irish where no one speak english 🤷', 'Exellent place to meet friends! Very good selection of beers..and outstanding service', 'Good place to eat good pizza at chep price,have a drink, and listen to live music', 'beer is good food is  un eatable . terrible', "Fairly typical Irish bar, with Irish beer and food. Nice staff who are quite attentive. The Guinness and Kilkenny beers are not the best, but ok. We had Joy's chicken,  and the fish and chips. The fish had a lot of bones but was fresh and tasty, the chicken was a large portion and also tasty", 'Listed as open on Monday. Stopped by at 8.30pm to watch an Irish football match. Absolutely closed. One other Irish person outside equally confused. Try Stuart’s Pub instead - it’s more Irish than this place is!', 'Said it opened at 17:30. It didn’t. When it did open, we had a drink each, the lager I had wasn’t good. It was early, but no atmosphere at all. Not an Irish Pub, just a pub full of random memorabilia.', "We came here to try to watch the world cup quarterfinals game. The place was empty except for 2 other people but they told us we could only sit at this side counter. They didn't have the volume of the match on (it was the pregame before the game started). We ordered 2 beers and they were the most expensive beers that we have had in Bari (more than any other bar we had been to so far even in old town). They were really unfriendly. We left and went to Stuarts which is nearby. Soooo much better. The place was packed, the volume was on, super friendly bartenders, lots of friendly happy regulars. Don't go to Joys. No Joy there.", 'Both my partner and I have Scottish backgrounds. We heard about a Scottish bar in Bari and had to visit it. The owner is very knowledgeable about local craft beers from the area and was very friendly, giving us some great advice on places to visit in the area. We only stopped in for a drink but would recommend the Stuart pub to anyone visiting Bari. We’ve already recommended the pub to Scottish friends visiting the area. Many thanks', 'We had a greeeaatt eat out at The Stuart!\nHamburger 🍔 was great, see picture. We took the local one from the menu, and complemented it with some fried 🧀 cheese.\nThe hosts and waitresses are excellent!', 'This bar is great, great music doors and drinks and Pietro our server was amazing, so friendly and very attentive. Food was excellent, a very nice relaxing evening spent there.', 'A great bar which served alot of beer ales amd along with great service', 'We went as a group. We ate well and the staff is really friendly and competent.\nAdvise', 'Let\'s start by describing the staff, nice guys available for every request, above all quick to serve and make the evening cheerful with their approach to the customer. I personally tried the "Max" hamburger and from my experience I can allow myself to express my opinion on it, the flavors marry perfectly with each other,\nExcellent sauces, meat cooked as requested and absolutely delicious potatoes! And if you\'re interested... the size of the burger is enormous 😂 worthy of the nomination from foodPorn!\nIn short, what can I say, everything was very good and the stay was very pleasant.\nOwner always present and attentive,\nFriendly and very kind.\nDo I recommend it to you? Absolutely yes !', "I recently visited this place. What led me to try it was the unusual, but highly appreciated, choice of wild boar meat for the burger, which I don't remember ever having found elsewhere. Really tasty sandwich.\nAh, one thing I cannot fail to mention is the limoncello that was recommended to me. In all honesty I don't remember the name, but I remember its spicy and particular flavour.\nWe all left the table satisfied, so I can't help but give a positive rating.", "It's a place that takes you back in time. 1920s furnishings. Excellent cuisine and selected beers mean that you can spend wonderful evenings in company. Everything is enlivened by a very good selection of spirits to accompany the chef's desserts. A really nice experience to try.", 'they provide a very fresh guiness. Maybe the prices are slightly high, they could go down by 1 €\nother than that:  fries are DIVINE', 'This is a nice pub with great vibe and delicious food. I visit it every time I go back to Puglia to visit my family. I would definitely recommend it.', 'My work place', 'Top', 'Like this place for cocktails even there are other cheaper places nearby. Negroni was really good 👌', 'Super cool bar with several snack options. Smiley personnel and great cocktails make your evenings wonderful.', 'Very nice place with great food and good English speaking service.  :)', "Nice spot for a drink with fairly decent service. Only 3 stars as there was a cover charge added to the bill and we got nothing for it. We  didn't have that  happen elsewhere on our trip to Southern Italy. Not even a small snack or olives with the drinks", "Fantastic pub. Very kind and knowledgeable staff and excellent selection of beers.\nLooking forward to returning any time I'm in Bari", 'Top!', 'Found by chance on maps, it offers delicious sandwiches and beers at a fair price. Only note, I would have preferred more fries with the sandwich given the price.', "It is a pub where there is a wide variety of quality beers and the staff is very helpful in advising you on your choice, describing its characteristics. To start with, I recommend the caramelized spicy almonds; They have a truly particular flavour. I wouldn't give up boat fries either. For the rest, whether it's a puccia, a piadina or a hamburger, the ingredients are all good and you won't be disappointed.", "Lp atmosphere for aperitivo, i went there with my friends and we enjoy our time.. Unfortunately they don't have fresh juice.. So healthy people who's nonalcoholic will find a diffeculity to choose a drink, but other than that everything is very nice, the staff is very kind, and the location is in very center of Bari also food is great 😊", 'A really cozy place to chill and have fun they have games and the food isnt bad I enjoyed', "Typical bar with good vibes. Drinks are fairly priced, food not sooo much but didn't get a chance to try it. Has a large selection of bard games that can be borrowed for 1 euro each. Theres a smoking area which is nasty, but what can you do.", 'Nice place with good drinks! Cocktails cost only 5 eur!', 'Great hamburger and beer selection. Fun lively pub.', "It's always a treat, it's comfortable and homey, I love this place :)", 'Nice and cozy. Came for food, stayed for the beer.', 'Nice place and good selection of beers', 'The staff were very friendly and knew English. The burgers were of excellent quality and it is very reasonably priced too. I would recommend this restaurant', 'Perfect place to have a beer with friends and a sandwich or hamburgher.\nGentle personell and quick service.', "I highly recommend! The people are super nice, had one of their burgers, super super tasty, cheap.. a must!!! As I understood, place is always full, even during the week so better get there pretty early or reserve.\nYou should try their nuts vodka, best I've ever had :)", 'We are so happy we came here. We had read reviews and decided we had to check this place out it did not disappoint. The atmosphere was relaxed and casual they have a great beer list. There menu was excellent we had 3 types of shareable apps which were simple but had great flavor. The staff is excellent they were very nice and had fun attitudes. We all tried different burgers which all had unique flavors. I highly recommend this place if you are in bari. Make sure you make a reservation it is a busy stop.', 'If you’re there during summer time be prepared to wait a few minutes. However the staff is very professional. They’ll write your name down and call you when your table is ready. You can sip on some delicious cocktails while enjoying a mesmerising view of Bari.', 'A nice place for a sea-view and chilling. Don’t choose Mango Tango if you are not a big fan of spicy taste.', 'Really kind staff, good cocktails. Definitely worth the price.', 'cute drinks place!\ntry coffee shakerato with baileys, so nice and refreshing!', 'A very good place by the boardwalk. Dogs are welcome and making the place so much more friendly. The food is amazing. I Had  the best chicken and potatoes of my life. My husband enjoyed pasta (Al dente’ !)with shrimp in pistachio sauce. We travelled the world and live in New York and are very hard to please. Best yet, below pasta dish is only 10euro!', 'Very nice restaurant, near Taksim Square. Excellent food,  staff and waiters are very polite, kind and professional. I went there many times, also for take away service. Highly recommended', 'Very pleasant bar near the old town, with very nice staff and great drinks.', 'The atmosphere is absolutely cozy, with nice old fashion design and intimate lighting. And, the staff are lovely and can help you chose the right drink. The price is very reasonable too. If I lived in Bari and was not here on a visit, I would definitely return regularly. Thank you for a lovely evening, we will be back soon!', 'Good coffee, fair prices and kind owner and super fantastic girl, he lent me an umbrella, there was a heavy downpour, to get to get the car,,❤️', 'Two san bitters in a natural way to disgust €5. Watch out for all the FAKE reviews, trust me, there is better in Modugno.', 'Pleasant place, efficient, courteous and helpful staff... Possibility of being able to sit inside well refreshed or outside in their gazebo. Excellent place, I recommend it for an aperitif, meetings etc...', 'The cedrata was served to me without draft and with ice in the glass, unprofessional!!', 'Good food and great staff!', 'Nice food, very friendly staff. Highly recommend it', 'Very nice place where you can enjoy excellent beer and delicious sandwiches.\nFriendly staff.\nThe only negative note is that not all liquors are available', 'Nice experience, very welcoming and tastefully furnished place.\n\nExcellent service, quick, attentive and above all friendly and polite staff.\n\nHigh quality of ingredients!\n\nThe bread made by them is very good and lactose free. The only suggestion would be to include lactose-free dairy products because it seemed to me that every combination includes fresh cheeses or dairy products.\n\nWide choice of good quality beers\n(Also available non-alcoholic beer and craft drinks)\n\nOh!!!! I almost forgot the sweet potatoes!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍 Yummy!!!\n\nAmple possibility of finding parking\n\nBathroom spotless and equipped with everything!', 'Beautiful place, good vibes, cool people!', 'Nice place to stay with friends and have some drinks.', 'Good place and live music', 'Who?', "We were there yesterday (19.02.2020) and it was wrong decision. Food portions were small, cold and we were waiting so long. We felt like those products were bought immediately after our order was placed. We have paid a lot of money but we went out hungry. The chef is pleasant only on the beginning, then they disappear and he/she don't care. What is more, we were obligated to pay 1€ for each person for the service. It was a nightmare, i don't recommend.", "Taste of the pizza was ok, it's propably better for drinks.", 'Tasty food but nothing special compared to the other meals eaten whilst in Italy. One of the few restaurants that remains open through the "siesta shutdown".', 'Fresh, high quality food, excellent wine, great service, family atmosphere, very good prices, 👍❤️👍', 'Very cute and quaint place. Quality dishes and a highly sought-after menu that conforms to the world of pirates, both in terms of taste and aesthetics. Also a wide choice of drinks, delicious sandwiches as well as dessert and all at very honest prices. Super nice staff and everything very good and beautiful.\nVery approved!', 'Beautiful pub, like few others, with a pirate setting to immerse yourself in, starting from the counter which resembles the stern of a galleon. Refined and quality dishes. Beers for all tastes, the staff knows how to best advise you.\nFor the warm months there is a lounge in the outdoor garden, relaxation guaranteed.', "I had a very good time. Very nice and quite themed environment. Excellent food, fast service and very friendly waiters. I'm sorry that it was very empty and that's why I'm leaving this review hoping that more people will come.", 'Great food, great beer and great staff. In addition to being particularly unique in its kind, the restaurant transmits pleasant sensations. I highly recommend', 'Top', "A more than decent pub in Triggiano. Satisfactory quality of sandwiches, really not bad. Prices overall average, not exactly low but not very high either. For example, I got an 8 euro sandwich with hamburger, sausage and ventricina inside, really huge, which filled me up quite a bit, and I paid 8 euros for it. The Bud beer is also good, which I don't find very often around, and the fact that you don't have to pay a cover charge is also good. However, be aware that, excluding the sandwiches on the right side of the menu (the special and more expensive ones), cutlery costs an extra 10 cents. Single bathroom for everyone but very clean. The place is also themed. In short, to be recommended. The real flaw was that despite the half-empty room, I had to wait a long time before having the sandwich.", 'Quality food including gluten-free and vegan. Possibility to compose the sandwiches as you like. The only flaw is a single totem for ordering and the lack of possibility to also choose the fish version', "Tasty sandwiches, affordable prices. The plain hamburger doesn't have much taste while the 300 gram one has a strong flavour. As far as frying is concerned, the speck and potato triangles are very good while the fries are not just the best since you hear that they are fried in the same oil as the crab claws so they absorb their taste. Recommended for a burger night. The only downside is that you have to arrive early as the place is small and there are not many seats.", 'Having lived in Catania for a year this is my number one place having pretty much been everywhere and let me tell you about something, service is excellent, drinks well prepared and tasty. My favorite thing is that their Chili Con Carne is the best I’ve ever had in Europe and I’ve been all over that continent. If you are in Catania then you must visit Mr. Hyde. Their interior is also amazing. From an old English pharmacy and I don’t believe it’s props but actually real', 'Super cool old-pharmacy style bar, very friendly staffs, we came here for lunch, dishes are cheap and nice. The waiter offered us an extra tiramisu for valentine’s day. It was one of the most romantic afternoon i ever had...', "Good beer and friendly staff, who somehow put up with the 'theme pub' look and music playing. I'm always amused by these mock pubs, they are designed to look, feel and sound like an Irish/British pub but never look like anything in the UK. Still nice place, loved the Messina beer and happily hid here while it rained", 'Drinks were okay, lasagne was good,and friendly lady behind the bar(owner?) was so kind😊', 'Great pub with a stylish interior and fresh British beer (in Sicily!), love it', "The best british pub I've ever been to! Friendly staff, sooooo many cool details! Grrat guests! We loved it here!", 'We stopped in for a glass. We chose a variety, the bartender immediately took the largest glass, and simply ignored my request to pour a smaller one. The result is 8 euros for tasteless beer. Don’t recommend.', 'The place is very nice and many locals are here, the bartenders are very nice and the atmosphere is great. I recommend this place for a few drinks as they make good gin tonic!', 'Great prices. Baco for €5 only and you can choose an additional shot for free. Free chips. Friendly staff.', 'Really good and cheap drinks.Polecam.', 'Very nice', 'Pub located in a strategic point in the historic center of the city, near the Massimo Bellini theatre. Nice staff. Great cocktails. Without draft beer but in exchange different varieties of bottled beers. Modest prices. A good place to be able to drink quietly and well.', 'Never ate here, but the staff are WONDERFUL! Especially Grazie! 😍\nWe got stuck on the Godfather and the Godmother cocktails....just do it!!!!\nWe first came here with friends but each time we came after, we were treated like old friends.\nLove it!', "We tried the tagliera. Various cheeses (and meat if you wish) with bread, sun-dried tomatoes and olives. Ideal when you don't want a big meal.", 'The price is good in relation to the ambiance and quality of drinks. I prefer to go to this place than others aroujd the area because of the variety that is quite cheaper among the competitors as well as good amount.', 'Best handmade Amaretto Sour I’ve ever had. Went there for a nightcap every day of the trip. Outdoor seating under some lovely twinkling lights. High end bottles behind the bar. Surprised how nice it was due to the name, was prepared for the worst.', 'Great place, sober, relaxing, often crowded yet in an excellent shape. Offers a huge variety of beers, the owner is polite and friendly. Food is excellent and the prices just as good. Weekly offers different events, usually live music, but happened to have chess events and much more.', 'Great food and a friendly/welcoming atmosphere.', 'bad service', 'Unexpected!\nBy chance I found myself entering this pub steeped in history... A private and pleasant place with excellent quality dishes and above all the satisfaction of being able to choose rare beers with a unique taste. Veteran owner in the field, extremely nice person and great host. Thank you so much for the hospitality and pleasure it created such an amazing evening 😊', 'The bar no longer exists since 30 01 2021. Closed due to retirement.', 'Place to visit', 'It sucks', 'Great irises :-)', 'Experienced lovely staff. All draft beers are local or not popular international ones.', 'A cozY bar in the center of catania, nica cocktails, relaxed atmosphere! Looks like an old house inside', 'Good beer, bad service. Service only comes every 20 minutes. Would not do again, even though the beer is excellent.', 'This is such a wonderful place. We went to Gotham two days in a row to grab some drinks and olives. Highly recommended. The owner is also a cool guy who’s up for a chat.', 'Just discovered this pub in San Giovanni la Punta... welcoming and relaxing environment... excellent prosecco and good food... we will definitely be back to try other things on the menu and drink some of the beers on their menu', "Pub that changed location and reopened this week. 8 of us went for an after-dinner beer, wide choice of beers and drinks (perhaps a few more non-alcoholic cocktails could be useful to someone)... Cozy place, well themed, you feel at home. There are board games and cards to accompany the evening with friends.\n\nThe only piece of advice I can give to the owner is to try to advertise as much as possible, many don't know that you have reopened, it would be nice to see it full on Saturday evenings and weekdays 😉 In the social media era it's much simpler!", 'Very characteristic and welcoming pub, with a warm atmosphere, located in the center of the municipality of San Giovanni la Punta (CT). Excellent beers and spirits with lots of choice available. The dishes on the menu are also of excellent quality. On certain evenings it is possible to listen to good live music while dining or drinking with friends.', 'Cozy place that hosts jazz themed evenings in line with the atmosphere of the place. Good selection of beers suitable for every need and food that goes well with drinks. Peculiar feature of the darts inside the salon.', 'Seriously, who wrote all those reviews? Cocktails were cheap alcohol, tasted so bad! One of the worst cocktails i ever had.\nBarkeeper was a cute old man though, maybe thats the reason nobody wants to be honest with what the Cocktails really taste like.', "It wasn't open just after two while Google states 03:30h.", 'Stayed in Catania for a few days by far the best pub we found, highly recommend!', 'Nice place. Very good and tasty drinks.', 'delicious coctails for only 3,5 euro:)', 'Cocktails 3.5', '', 'Perfect drinka, very nice Staff.\nI recommend 100%', 'Very good cocktail and good beer. I only give 2 stars because:\n- when ordering, we are warned that cocktails are €7 instead of €5 as indicated on the menu and beers are €6 instead of €4. (Because we are tourists??)\n- finally the cocktail is billed at €8…\nDamage', 'Great place, quiet and with very courteous staff. Good choice of beers. Super recommended ... very fair prices !!', 'I liked it a lot!!!!!\nWell served cocktails, service minded, personable and knowledgeable. Great staff! I will definitely be back!', "It's my favorite pub. One of the very few pubs where the cocktails are made with skill!", 'Delicious drinks, super staff.... great live music....', '', '', "Lovely place, umbrellas creates amazing mood. Food was super tasty, service at high level with willinges to help. Aperol approved by my demding wife, I really like proposed by waiter sicilian wine. For sure it's  must visit spot in Catania.", "Great atmosphere! Service was absolutely terrible, and two of the wait staff couldn't care less. The food was good, and I would go back just for the vibe, but I would choose a different restaurant", 'Superb place, such a great vibe and staff are really friendly -  a great team. Kept coming coming back here for post evening meal drinks. The umbrellas are also amazing!', 'Good food, nice staff, great atmosphere and location near the fish market.\nFood was OK but the fries were a bit on the salty side.', 'The best Place about wine drinks and food, open until late ,i tried the IPA beer 🍺 was Amazing..see u soon', 'Great Moscow mule... Very good gin tonic... Very friendly and attentive bar keeper... Nice place... Incredible price performance ratio...', 'Friendly staff, good cocktails', 'This place was a great surprise! Hidden in a common street in the city center, Diapason received 20 of us (twice!) during our weekend getaway with tremendous professionalism and joy. A special shotout to the barman for the best Moscow Mule in town.', 'This  place has great food and live band very great astomphere for outing .', 'We had a dinner here for celebrating a birthday party. All the dishes were greasy and unhealthy. Absolutely do not ask for pretzels and peanuts. Next times I will come here, I will ask only for french fries, which are probably the lesser evil... Beers are nothing special. The strenght of this pub is its location and bands who play live music in the weekend. Long wait to sit.', 'It’s okay but nothing special, the service was so - so, considering that we came as ones of the first customers it was hard to get anybody to come over.', 'Pretty good place. Popular with all ages and great live music. Good for a dine a lone occasion or roudy group get together!', 'Friendly, welcoming staff and locals, great to find a dog friendly pub that appreciates the dogs as much as the humans....', 'Great atmosphere, full with people laughing and singing to the jukebox on a Sunday morning 😂', "A Lovely Pub With Weekend Club On The First Floor. Defo Enjoy The Drinks And The Company Along With The Weekend Music Played By DJ STEVE PERRY. Always Feel Like Having A Good Time With One's Beloved Friends And Family Members.", "Popped in Saturday afternoon, full of neanderthals who obviously hadn't seen a woman for a while. Tried to make us feel intimidated and uneasy. Left prior to my other half being clubbed, and dragged away to a cave 😡", 'Cameron is without doubt the best barman. James did alright considering it was his first day. (From Mark Dyer)', "Such a nice bar. It was fairly quiet when we visited. We were met by an extremely friendly member of staff who allowed us to taste some local beer before we bought. Although we didn't eat, others did and the meals looked delicious.  The interior is very tasteful and atmospheric.  We'll definitely come again.", 'Isle man great place to visit', 'Bacon cheese burger. Burger was lovely bun was dry. Chips were good.', 'A friendly pub with a mixture of locals and tourists and prices matching weatherspoons in the uk and Ireland great entertainment the only negative is that you have to pay £1 to enter at all times I can understand for when there is entertainment on BUT not during the day when nothing is on that is why I gave it 4 out of 5', "A quid in then cheap booze for the night.youll need a lot of energy   as it's vibrant and fun .not for the faint hearted.kicking at night.manager and staff  run a great pub.", 'Just back from short break in Douglas iom and found this bar on our second night. You pay £1 admission then once inside drink is cheaper than anywhere else we’d been.  Staff were really friendly and made us feel very welcome. The entertainment was fantastic too, needless ti say we went back the next night for more.  Would definitely recommend.', 'Always a good night in the Quids! My mates and I come over for the TT and always visit here for the great atmosphere, drink prices and entertainment. I found myself back on the island a few weeks after the TT for a short break on my own, and it’s a welcoming place to go into alone. With friendly bar staff and customers. 10/10', "It isn't that the food was bad. It was indeed tasty. It's more that the majority of choices are over all not exactly healthy. In that area it's rather limited. If you like fried foods, Pasta, burgers n fries etc. Then you'll love it here. If your a diabetic maybe not so much. The atmosphere has changed. They are really doing alot to remodel and inside is looking very nice. The waitresses were all very friendly and on it.", 'We were a family of 4 adults on holiday to the island. we all agreed that we had all enjoyed our meals.\nWe arrived just as they were finishing cooking for the lunchtime but they were very kind and catered for us. The meal was of a good size and felt it was value for money.\nIf I was to visit the island again I would return to this pub for another meal.', 'Friendly staff. We had an issue as we had been given the wrong information about food started at 5 pm on a Monday. So we had been there since 4 waiting for food and having a few drinks Unfortunately no food was being served. I spoke to Jack the manager and he was so apologetic of his staff giving us the wrong information. They did the decent thing paid for our taxi to a restaurant and paid for out last round of drinks . Menu looked good just check that food is being served. Yes would go back . Location good as trams go past and on the sea front', 'Went here our first night in the Isle Of Man it is near the end of the promenade with plenty of parking outside. Starters are around £7 the southern fried chicken strips were nice with sweet chilli dip but quite salty. They have pie of the day which was steak and ale the meat was nice and soft, the hand cut chips a bit to much on the chunky side though. The arrabbiata I had with chicken which was £12.95 and very nice I would have liked some pepper on it but the pepper was empty and the waitress was no where to be seen. The bottle of Shiraz was perfect and the indie music in the background was very much to my liking. All in all a good place to go and worth checking out.', "Old style Pub friendly staff and costumers,  good local beers ,not expensive only thing what let's the place down is the toilets are terrible.", "Mainly went for the food and drink and wasn't disappointed. If you're looking for a nice inexpensive meal and a friendly atmosphere, then a Monday night might be your answer at the Rovers.", 'Good ales and still Cider. Beautiful warm 🔥.', "Didn't eat there but good range of local beers, friendly service & genuine atmosphere. The legendary loos still wiff but perfectly clean. Not to be missed.", 'Great location for a drink before going to the Gaiety/Villa Marina. Unfortunately they had run out of Bitter and Red Wine. The floor could do with a good clean as your feet stuck to it as you walked', "A good pub, very busy and lot's of entertainment, this is a great place to meet your friends with this hot weather we have been having they serve in plastic glasses so you can take them outside", 'This pub is in Douglas town centre. Staff customer service skills were very good. I will be visiting this pub when I go back to IOM in the future', "Nice pub but really busy...basically because it's good.\nGood beer, good service & pretty decent bands.", 'Great food , great value, friendly helpful staff , highly recommend', "My wife and I visited the British Hotel whilst on holiday on the Isle of Man in June 2023. The staff were incredibly friendly and welcoming - so much so that we returned twice more during our stay!\nThe menu is very good, with vegan and vegetarian options and plenty of pub classics. The 'Specials' board is always worth a look as well. There is a broad selection of beers available, including some from the local breweries.\nI have no hesitation in heartily recommending the British Hotel to anyone visiting Douglas.", 'Weeks holiday staying close by and after first visit  returned twice more. Called in early to book and wonderful staff suggested nice corner table.  I had sole... amazingly cooked and much less than the local restaurants. Took a photo to show family at home it was that tasty.  Hubby had pub made pie and fish and chips. "All lovely "  Had a great chat with a local couple enjoying dinner there. The staff were always patient, and smiling no matter how busy they got. This is a hidden gem...', 'The go to establishment on the island. Let the magic flow, the staff are awesome and very attentive to your needs. Great selection of drinks. As for the food, we are impressed, having the fish and chips. I normally do not eat the batter, I must say it’s on the best of all time fish and chips one has eaten. You can see the venue is very welcoming and the atmosphere flows through the premises.\nThank you for the experience.', 'On the last day of my visit to Reykjavik, I went for a slow walk through the city streets. I walked free entering the next shops with souvenirs, local food and sweaters. At some point, I was stopped by a terrible sound coming from a broken loudspeaker in one of the main streets of the capital. The cacophony was so awful that I quickly concluded - this must be karaoke! And someone is trying their strength before the performance in Got Talent 😛\n\nI entered the place out of curiosity. Inside I saw a bar with a waitress serving drinks and meals. There were maybe 15 people seated at a dozen of tables. In the corner sat a man with a guitar who, as it turned out, was playing local songs in Icelandic and well-known pieces of country, rock and some pop in English. A broken loudspeaker on the street is just a cover, thanks to which only the chosen ones will be able to experience a few atmospheric moments with a beer and great live music.\n\nGuests were divided into local residents who sang, stamped and beat the rhythm together with the guitar and tourists who did not understand a word but simply absorbed the spectacle and rhythmically stamped their feet smiling from ear to ear. I have absolutely no knowledge of Icelandic music, but it sounded like a combination of shanties and country music. The singing of the waitress, raising a toast with the characteristic "skál!" and the sound of the guitar and harmonica will stay with me as long as the views of the most beautiful waterfalls and volcanoes.\n\nThere\'s a good chance that i was the only one  who expierienced the show of his life. People came in and out without staying as long as I did. Tastes are not discussed so I will say one thing - it was a great spectacle for me, thank you for every song, I recommend this place to anyone who likes to contemplate with good music on.', "Charming bar in city center. The owner is SO kind and if you ask what kind of beer is best he will very graciously share all of his knowledge of what he keeps in stock and his opinions of he think's you'll like best. I love learning about local beers so this was an amazing stop.", 'Location that Google Maps shows appears to be incorrect', 'Very friendly staff and good vibe. Great place for a shot of Flokki as well as knowledgeable bar man with history of Icelandic whiskey', 'Great selection of Icelandic craft beers. Servers behind the bar are super friendly and have a good knowledge of these beers. If you like porters, I highly recommend the "Red Hot Chili Porter" it\'s not really spicy, just great flavour.\nThey don\'t serve food but you can go to the Icelandic Street Food a couple doors down and allowed to bring it in. So you can have some good soup in a bread bowl along with your cold beer.', 'Very welcoming atmosphere, staff are incredibly helpful and friendly. Lots of amazing beers to try and can even play board games here too! Would love to go back and visit again', 'Fantastic bar very friendly and a great choice of Icelandic beer what more can you want when you come to Reykjavik. Great cafe next door owned by the bar offering lovely homemade food. Really made our visit even more special thank you', 'Great atmosphere, barman is super kind and beers are just great. I’m on my 5th one, and loved all of them. It’s nice to sit in front of the big window to look outside while you have a drink. You can also grab Icelandic food on their restaurant next door.', "When arriving at the hotel, we found out they had decided to overbook us and forced a few of use to room in less than ideal one person rooms for a week. My room faced the water which a nice view but my window had no seals resulting in hearing the wind every night. Overall, during my month's stay, I did not see the change in bed linen, and the only thing the hotel staff did was change towels + trash. I would have gone and slept in a tent if it was an option over this.", "Overall a good stay near the airport.  Late check in was no problem.  Staff was very nice.  It's good to know that there are stairs and no elevator.\n\nAlas, they disregarded the booking for an ocean view room (for which I paid extra points) and put me on the street side.  I would have been find with that except that there was a bar across the street that was incredibly loud even at 3am.  People were smoking outside with much shouting.  Room was very hot (heat turned on) and so I needed the door open to cool it down.  Even with door closed, still, so much noise.  I was there on a Friday night, so maybe better on a weekend.\n\nIt's strangely spare in design- no hooks for towels for example.  It just wasn't as user friendly a space as I stayed elsewhere in Iceland.", 'The staff here was so gracious when they were suddenly inundated with stranded airline passengers!\nRooms are basic but clean. Quiet and a good night’s sleep. Solid breakfast and plenty of coffee.\nI took them up on the recommendation for the community pool, having been to the blue lagoon and didn’t want to pay for that again.  It was a great way to spend my “bonus” day in Iceland!', 'Perfect location in proximity to the hotel with many restaurants close by.  The staff is very friendly and courteous and they offer a shuttle to the airport.  Great place to stay for your first or last night in Iceland.  We got stuck due to our flight being canceled and they were able to accommodate us for another night.  Highly recommend this hotel!!!', 'So Irish, feels like home, nice drinks, live music, very nice place and the Irish barman is a lovely guy 🤩', "One of the most beautiful Irish pubs I've been to!", 'A great tap comes a great responsibility, and also a great stream of water without touching it. Some people call it magic like the result of a Boli beer happy our, but I call it Socorro. Bles bles.', 'Great Happy hour, beer under 1,000 kr which is the cheapest i found, plus happy hour was until 8pm. really good shots, reasonably priced. Bar tender was nice, and recommended our next place on our bar hop.', 'Would recommend a visit. We found the pub to be quite busy, but it was happy hour. The staff were friendly. The drink was good & the sports stations a bonus.', 'Long happy hours, good music, and happening evenings. It’s a pub in the best way.', 'I’m surprised the Dubliner in Reykjavík isn’t rated higher. We found the security and the bar staff to be all friendly. Moreover, in terms of the interior, it’s a pretty good attempt at replicating what bars are typically like in Ireland. Probably the only issue to mention is how the footpath outside the pub isn’t properly cleared of snow unlike some of the other bars in downtown Reykjavík, making it a bit awkward to enter the bar. Other than that, the Dubliner in Reykjavík is a good bar charging fair prices (for Iceland).', 'A great bar, with great bar tenders. They are so nice and down to earth, like an old school bar.\nAbout 6 beers on the tap. This is in march 2023.\nI tried the blanc, loved it.\nLocal beers, happy hour till 9pm.', "A beer is 1500+. You can do better. Keep walking. I didn't try the food. Service was good. For 3000, you can spin a wheel and possibly win up to a meter of beer. Atmosphere at around 1930-2030 was quiet enough to enjoy a good chat at the tables. Service from the bar was quick and easy.", "What a bar! We go back every time we're in Reykjavík. Really good vibe, the live musics always fantastic. Definitely on the louder side so don't expect a quiet drink out! Darts are fun and everyone gets involved. The wheel is the star of the show! Spin wheel behind the bar which you can pay for a spin on and win up to 8 drinks or shots. Really good fun and gets the whole bar cheering!", 'What a fun place. It’s an environment where you just relax, have fun, enjoy the atmosphere and music to have pints and cocktails. We left smiling. We had Guinness and a few local beers. Highly recommend this place if you’re okay with louder, lively customers.  The drink wheel was constantly spinning. This was a true highlight when it comes to the Iceland pubs.', "To be fair, I went in just after it opened and I was the only person here.\n\nThe place was clean and cosy, with background music.\n\nI wouldn't say it's like a typical English pub, but it's not a bad imitation.\n\nThe bar staff were quick and efficient and I felt chilled out and relaxed as I rested between shops while I was on a souvenir and gift finding mission around Reykjavik.\n\nIt would be a completely different atmosphere later in the day, I am sure.", 'Nice bar with often live music', 'Good atmosphere. Good place to play Bingo and get some drinks with friends.', 'Nice, enjoyable bar. The locals made my wife and I feel at home. Definitely get the cheese sticks while here.', "Really friendly bartender. Went on a Monday night just before closing and they were accommodating even when we couldn't decide what we wanted.", 'Yum! Yum and Yum! We were craving some red meat and came across the American bar. We ordered the lunch special of a cheeseburger, chicken wings in bbq sauce and chips. The portions were large (great because we were starving) and atmosphere was relaxed. It was so good that we went back for dinner. One of the more reasonably priced meals in Reykjavik city centre.', 'We had a quick lunch after the lava show. Speedy service and the staff was super friendly.\n\nMy chicken salad was so tasty and we finished our drinks in the outdoor sitting area where we could soak up the sunlight.', '4.5 overall. We watched the NFL games here with 100 other fans. Overall we had a great time.', "Very disappointing - this is nothing like an American bar. The ambience was definitely a sports bar feel, but the food was awful - the worst bar food you can imagine. The drinks were fine - typical for anything you'd order at a dive bar. Our server was friendly, but overall the service was incredibly slow and our food did not come out accurately/exactly as ordered. There are so many other better places in the area to eat/drink so definitely do no recommend dining at this place.", 'Came for dinner and loved it here! Burgers and fries were both really good! My husband and I talked about this meal for a few days after we ate it😂\n\nThey also have a full menu of different flavored White Russians which I highly recommend! We got 2 regulars and 1 banana Russian and they were all delicious!', "Super touristy bar, but damn is it good. The atmosphere is really the best part it's super cool. It's obviously based off the movie Big Lebowski but is more than that. The staff was really nice and fun to talk to. The drinks they made was also super good. Big fan", "Can't say enough good things about the Lebowski Bar. Admittedly, it's one of my favorite movies and the bar does a great job of paying homage to the movie. It's a burger bar so don't expect a huge variety of different foods but they do have a ton of burger choices. The milkshakes are great but pricey at over $10 USD. The burgers are messy and quite good while not being overpriced for the area. The bar has a movie going in all rooms as well and it's just a fun bar to eat while looking at Big Lebowski items. If we had more time at the end of our trip, we would have gone back and I'll definitely go again when we get back to Iceland.", 'Rated 5 stars but would give 6 if could. One of the best themed bars ever. Got a White Russian with my special lady friend and really dug the vibe. I think the rug really ties the bar together and there is a lot of details to the movie all around the establishment. Great staff.', 'Loved this bar! The blues night did not disappoint. The local band had three guest artists that joined throughout the night. Awesome atmosphere and I would recommend you bring some cash to go in the hat when passed around for the band. This bar builds great memories!', 'Iceland in general is not a country fueled by whiskey.  Dillon\'s was a bright spot for our traveling whiskey hounds. The music and atmosphere were merely the rocks and a bigger glass.  We were able to visit twice, both times did not disappoint.  Locals and tourists were packed into the attic performance space to hear really good local blues performances that catered to everyone.  For those who don\'t drink whiskey there\'s a wide selection of Icelandic beer worth sampling; for those who do, they have a wide selection of Floki mixed in with a whole wall of the golden ambrosia.  We will definitely return to see the outdoor beer garden in action and hear "fake chicken" played again!', 'Nice bar in Reykjavik. We came thinking we could order some food but the basement where they serve the food was closed. The music is good, the staff are nice. I would recommend this place to whoever wants to go to a pub without a plan.', 'Amazing bar in the heart of the city centre. It was only 10 minutes walking distance from my air BnB. Great drinks. The staff were friendly and talkative. The bar has live music and karaoke nights.', 'Warm and cozy atmosphere and really friendly staff. I had the chance to try some exquisite palette the grilled whale fin and reindeer meat burger, both tasted amazing. The waffle fries were a fun touch and enjoyed the Viking beer as well. Overall great food that does not burn a hole in your wallet (restaurants can be very expensive in Iceland), totally recommend!', 'Great food, great atmosphere, well worth a visit. We have been three times during our trip. Tried a number of different dishes and all were yummy. They treated my missus very kindly on her birthday meal. Very happy', 'There’s always a line BUT it is 100% worth it! Fermented Shark it’s a nice experience and the Main Courses are unbelievable good!\n\nSheep Head and Fin Whale Steak are delicious beyond belief! Desserts are a great and they also have a diverse selection of Icelandic beers and spirits.\n\nWould highly recommend, 10/10', 'Amazing food, great drinks and really nice wait staff! Icelandic meat soup was even better than I heard it would be. Definitely understand the ratings for this place. Tried the cod and chips, meat soup, surf and turf burger and we loved them all! Smoked stout was also surprisingly yummy', 'Very dangerous place.....My brother almost got killed there.....nobody called the police......Please dont go there if you want be safe....', 'Jackpot by some Iceland Lady. Congratulation 🤑🤑🤑', 'Good for a late night drink when everything else is closed. Greenlanders cause trouble there getting too drunk and fighting', 'guys fighting, coughing their lungs out at the bar - a fun experience but maybe stay just for the one drink and then move on :)', 'Loved this place for a quick drink, will come back for their great happy hour. No food, just great drinks and staff.\nLoved their selection of draft beers and spirits - so many choices for gin and tonic! Music nightly, come for happy hour and stay for hours.', 'Great bar in Reykjavik. Spent part of our New Years Eve here and had great time. Friendly staff and a homey local feel for a pair of travellers. Great spot for live music too. Vist Den Danske Kro when you visit Iceland.', "I'd go as far as saying the Den Danske Kro is  the best bar in Reykjavik, its open late, the live music is excellent and the drink prices are very reasonable.", 'Cute little pub. Was open until 1am, with a live artist! Nice atmosphere and plenty of drink options. Darts board is a great addition!', 'Iceland is not a "cocktail place" 🍸🍹 the cocktails in Iceland pale in contrast to the friendliness and kindness of the people and ten times out of ten your experience is improved by the wonderful character of the people 😊. Sadly, Vedur offers the exact opposite. The cocktails are excellent; well considered, exceptionally executed and a treat to drink. However, the experience is marred by the condescension and attitude of the staff. The cocktails were fantastic but I would not return for another.', 'Very cozy and chill place, great for cocktails. We stayed here on our first day in Iceland. Liked it!', 'My boyfriend and I are from craft cocktail land in Northwest America. When I tell you that the bartender made the best Brenniven cocktail I’ve ever tasted, along with a double shot gin that tasted like a freaking green smoothie… she knows her stuff. We loved the atmosphere and the service. We both said we wish we could introduce the bartender to our favorite bartender back home. Sincerely—highlight of our trip and hope to return in the future.', 'I was there with friends drinking. Great beer and cider. LGBT friendly, it looks small from the outside but it actually has a basement floor which is huge.', 'Great place for brunch! Fun atmosphere, nice servers and food came quickly. The blueberry pancakes were delicious as well as the much talked about Dirty Bruch. We also grabbed some Bloody Mary drinks, which were perfectly spicy. Overall a great choice close to the hotel.', 'This is a nice restaurant, surprisingly an actual laundry mart in basement. The restaurant has some colorful gorgeous interior.\n\nI really liked their cheeseburger. It’s large, has lots of ingredients including two types of cheese. But I found fries, fish n chips, chips and guacamole to be pretty average dishes. None of tasted as good quality as the burgers.', 'Went for brunch. This location has a literal Laundromat in their basement and a kids play area as well. You order on their website and they bring you your food with haste. Got their "dirty brunch" and its a bunch of food. Very filling if you\'re looking for a good bang for your buck.', 'Went for breakfast and the next day for lunch! Fresh & delicious. We ordered avocado toast (everything was cooked properly, not sloppy!) & blueberry pancakes (out of this world). Delicious dirty chai. Kitschy & colorful decor. It’s a must!', "Would not call it an Irish bar, but I would call it a decent bar. Good service and drinks at very reasonable  prices. Good large screen telly, which had a few Aussie's in watching Australian rugby league. Would definitely recommend a visit to Longford .You can sit inside, or if you prefer, there are a number of tables and seats outside near the entrance.", "It's a decent looking pub, a fair pint, food is good, servise could be better sometimes. Last time we were here, a guy that was working there, ignored us after our first pint. Didn't get the second round we ordered, so after 20 minutes we left. The night before, waiters did their job, so I believe, this was just a small glitch...\nFair prices, worth the visit.", 'DO NOT ENTER.\n- OF ZERO STARS\nwe arrive at this place where the welcome is zero, having said that, we order two beer menus, other beers in the center and three cicchetti, the waitress with a look like "why did you come here to drink" takes the order and whatever, we didn\'t wait long also because there were 5 of us plus another table of two. meanwhile the waiters were huffing and puffing as if there was no end.\nwe paid a service "3000 huf" to only make us look bad.\nTipping here in Hungary should not be mandatory but optional, I would not have tipped these two waiters.\nI hope they are not the owners because they don\'t do their job properly.\nin Italy the service is better than here (generally speaking throughout Hungary).\nas I had already read in other reviews (maybe it\'s because we are Italian).\nnever again...\nI advise against it to everyone,\n.....DO NOT ENTER HERE......', "Snakebite is a great drink for those, who don't like the usual beer taste and want something sweet and refreshing!", "More Phoney Dublin than Publin\n\nI came here because of the reviews citing the friendly customer service and good Guinness.\n\nThe Guinness was served far too quickly and not a hint of a smile or any banter, despite the emptiness of the pub.\n\nAs an Irishman, I've been in a few pubs, and drank more than my share of Guinness.\n\nNot only was this pint rushed, but from the taste I could tell the pipes haven't been cleaned in a while.\n\nIf you're seeking the real deal, you won't find it here.\n\nI wanted to like it, but sadly, it feels more like a rundown English pub than a taste of home.", "A nice spot, and had a set up for watching sports inside or outside. Lively with the crowd. Drink prices were pretty decent in comparison to another Irish bar in the area.\n\nDidn't feel particularly 'Irish' other than serving Guinness etc.\n\nService wasn't great though. It was incredibly busy, so take into consideration, but there were four bartenders behind the bar, yet only one seemed competent. The others were in no rush to serve and though they could see people waiting, went about other duties.", 'I visited Publin Irish Pub & Restaurant and had a great time. The pub has a cozy and authentic atmosphere, with wooden furniture, Irish memorabilia and live music. The staff was friendly and attentive, and the service was fast. I enjoyed some good Irish beer from their wide selection of drinks. They have several draught beers on tap, such as Guinness, Peroni and Kilkenny. I especially liked the Guinness Draught, which was smooth and creamy. The prices were reasonable for the quality and quantity of drinks.\nThe pub also has some nice features that make it stand out from other places. It has an upper desk where you can enjoy the loud music while sipping your drink. It has neat bathrooms that are clean and well-maintained. It has outdoor seating where you can relax in the fresh air also it is located in a prime location and thus easily accessible, which is close to many attractions, shops and public transport. I would recommend this pub to anyone looking for a fun and relaxing place to hang out in Budapest.', 'Place for drinkers! Small but lots of selection. Most importantly, very close to my hotel.', 'Guinness and service was good. But a ton of fruit flies were really bothering me all around at the table and one even wanted a taste of the beer while I was drinking it. Granted, i didn’t drink a pint of beer in 5 minutes, but still at a reasonable pace. Fruit flies in the toilet as well. I have never encountered fruit flies in a pub before. What happened.', 'This is a proper Irish bar in the heart of Budapest. Great service and a really good pint of Guinness (and packs of Tayto and bacon fries). They showed the rugby world cup matches and the Ireland v Netherlands football match, they had the commentary on throughout which was great for the atmosphere in the pub.', 'Great spot. This has an authentic Irish pub atmosphere. Pub is in the heart of Budapest. Staff are lovely and made sure we were looked after all weekend long. Highly recommend.', 'Watched Ireland v New Zealand World Cup game here. Atmosphere was electric with lots of different nationalities watching the game. Food and service were top class. I felt right at home! 🇮🇪', 'Dirty things are flying in the beer.\nI asked the staff to change our beer, she keep telling me the rude thing in hungarian.\nEven i got the new one, still Nem jo.', 'Good Central location so ideally placed for the passing tourist. Pleasant girl behind the bar, good selection of local and import beers and other beverages. Good prices too, except for the crisps.', 'Good selection of beer and good atmosphere.', "Service was terrible.\nFirstly, waiter ignored us for 20 minutes while doing nothing, there wasn't many people so he wasn't busy.\nHe had a rude attitude and was acting like we were bothering him and for that they even charged 12% service fee which btw is not written anywhere. Definitely not gonna return.", 'Spacious bar. We went based on the food reviews,but it had a small menu and overpriced. Drinks were good, however we reordered drinks twice and were forgotten about on both occasions . Nice sports memorabilia.  But definitely some improvements could be made', 'Very good food and extremelly pleasant and efficient service. This is the first pub in Budapest without the mandatory service charge we came across, so we knew exactly what’s the cost of each item on the menu. That made our life a lot easier and we were more than happy to leave a tip, of course.', "We were charged for 1.5 liters of beer and a dish that no one had ordered or seen. This behavior is very unpleasant, after I had been going to this pub for 2 years, and invited my colleagues to a football match. The waitress simply did not bring me my beer, but added it to the order. In the end, the owner of the pub came out and told me that I had booked a table and had to pay for everything.\nI don't recommend it, so as not to be disappointed in people.", "We went to catch some NFL football on a Sunday evening. Like most bars it competes with the main soccer game but they do pit it on at a secondary TV. It's usually one game and NFL RedZone. It's a friendly bar with decent prices and  you get to meet some fun people. The bartenders are approachable (unlike some of the other bars we went to in Budapest that are so rude and either hate Americans or are just too cool for school). I also ate a burger while watching the game The menu is a hodge podhe of traditional bar food (nachos? Fish and chips) and some odd surprising items (Thai curry?) Anyway the burger was respectable and hit the spot. And the Irish coffee, perfect on a cold night.", 'Love this place! Great pub with a homey atmosphere, but it is also very lively when the games are on or live Music is playing. The staff is always great, the Guinness is always on point and they offer a great whiskey portfolio. It is a bit pricey, but compared to the rest of the Irish pubs, it is perhaps the cheapest and there are affordable options for those with a tighter budget. One of my favourite places in the city, certainly the best Irish pub in Budapest.', 'Great music, atmosphere, nice variety of drinks. Steak with Guiness pie was to die for. We will be back 😀', 'Don’t know about anything else, but the Guinness is the best I’ve had outside Ireland. I’m from England and it beats any I’ve had there.', 'Lovely place to grab a pint of Guinness or a Magners. The staff is very friendly and makes you feel at home.\n\nUpdate…\nStop in for the new Irish Pub menu. The Bangers and Mash with Caramelized Onions was spot on. The burgers are a big improvement over those we had on our first trip there. We’ll definitely be back to try more of the breakfast and dinner offerings.', 'Best place for both Goulash soup, and drinks. Please look no more, I have visited Budapest several times and this is the best. I had a traditional bottled beer, a Dreher tap beer, and a raspberry lemonade. It was great flavour and price. Next day I had to eat in a place called Europa restaurant and Cafe some 100 meters from the Celtic Pub and it was the worst food I had ever eaten in Hungary 😩', 'We sat on the terrace,  which was delightful.  Servers were prompt,  kind, patient and helpful, even when we were indecisive.  Both of our meals, the garlic prawns and the grilled chicken breast, were excellent, as was the Limonade. We did not enter the restaurant. Close to public transit,  but far enough away that street noise was minimal.  Limited motor traffic in front of the restaurant.', 'Firstly, I would like to say that noone asked for this review, like in the other pubs.\nIf you are reading this, you should visit this pub. Nice stuff, cozy atmosphere, and veeeery delicious food. We ordered tokaji stew and hungarian grilled pork with sausage. Both was amazing. Also you can find 0,5l beer for 5€! :O Enjoy sour cherry beer, cheers!', 'This is one of the hidden gems of Budapest.\nExcelent service the cold beer was on table almost instantly (you dont see this in Budapest)\nFood was excellent we had paprikas, goulash, tokaji beef stew, grilled meat with greek salad and Somloi galuska\nI highly recommend this place.', 'We were here to kill some time, before our taxi picked us up to go to the airport, we orderet tea, pizza and frenchfries. We had to wait roughly twenty minutes for out food, but that was perfectly fine, because the rather sassy answers of the owner to negative reviews greatly amused us while we waited. The pizza and fries were absolutely delicious and the staff was very very friendly. If you are staying in Budapest and have a little time to spare, I would absolutely recommend this establishement!', 'Randomly hopped in for a beer, we were satisfied with the place.', 'Somewhat dirty and very loud place. People are loud, beers are not really good for my taste, and fairly expensive but okay for the area. People were smoking all the time, so we left after 1 beer. Smoking is allowed on terraces though in Budapest so I guess thats okay', 'Title: Deceptive Pricing for Tourists\n\nReview:\nBeware of this pub if you\'re a tourist! My friends and I had a terrible experience here. They charged us a whopping 5200 HUF for a beer and 6400 HUF for a whisky, which is absolutely outrageous. It\'s evident that they\'re taking advantage of foreigners. This kind of deceitful pricing gives a bad name to honest businesses in Budapest. I urge fellow travelers to avoid this place and choose establishments that treat their customers fairly. Let\'s not allow them to continue exploiting tourists.\n\n"It was a brunette waitress inpointer kitchen ; she didn\'t give me a receipt. She kept the money in her purse. It was Wednesday night during the Sevilla Manchester City match after the rain."', "A good pub, on the second floor there is an opportunity to accommodate a large company, there are also tables on the 1st floor and on the street.\nThere is one girl at the counter, of course it's hard for her to cope with everything alone, guests have to stand in line for a long time.\n\nThe drinks are good, the prices are affordable. But! I was insanely disappointed with the sandwich. Firstly, I waited for it for about 40 minutes. It was brought only after numerous reminders. It was cold. The menu includes a hot sandwich with 2 sauces (1200 HUF). Later the sandwich was warmed up, but no one brought sauces, they were simply not available... 😕\n\nYou can also buy popcorn, chips and other snacks there.\nTip: come to this pub full🙃", "Popped in for a bite to eat for lunch. Not a big food selection but the panini was good so I'm not complaining. Friendly bartender and a nice atmosphere, seems like a good place for a quick bite to eat or a beer with a friend.", 'If you are Hungarian you might have a place here, if not get ready to be mistreated specially by the tall tattooed bar woman. I have never been to a place where they don’t want to serve you. She was horrible to me and my Brazilian friends from the very beginning. All in all a racist bar. Not worth it', "Very bad service! The beer glass had broken at the rim and a splinter of glass came loose and hurt my mouth, that should not but can happen. Worse is that the  uninterested young waitress didn't react at all and then unmotivated brought me some other cheaper beer. No apologies, no empathy. I then brought back the wrong beer and asked for the bill. The young lady cheekily insisted on her service fee, which I refused. Completely without empathy. Tables weren't cleaned either. Probably not a problem for the bachelor parties present, but for a normal guest it is. A bar should invest in real waiters in order to survive in the long run. Better go somewhere else to have your beer, I don't recommend this pub at all!", 'The location is nice and the food and drinks were also nice, but nothing spectacular. It’s a nice little lunch stop. It has to be a lunch stop as they don’t serve food until 12 noon, even though they have breakfast on the menu. Regardless, all in all it was ice and would return.', 'Such a nice place!\nGreat food, fast service and great music.\nWe liked it here a lot.\n\nPortions are quite big. Better check with the waiters if it’s enough for two. We ordered too much.\n\nWould come again.', "Happy hour is ridiculously cheap. Excellent staff. Seating spot on and toilets are the cleanest I've ever seen in a pub. The picture with tiled floor is from outside the WC downstairs.", "My burger and fries was good but it would be better if it was warm. I hungry and I don't have time to return it 😋😀", 'Very disappointing (and not even sure it is legal?) that beer prices were advertised clearly on signs, but then I had to go to the bar to order and get my beer, and the bartender added a 10% service fee without informing me or it being advertised anywhere. Really not an OK behaviour.', 'We popped in here for a few quick drinks. Really is a nice bar. The staff were great. I highly recommend Billy’s Beer. Will return!', 'Went in for some food, ordered drinks and were asked to sit down and the drinks were served to us. Then waited to order our food and nobody came to take our order, for over 15 minutes. For this we were charged a service charge. When we paid the bill the waitress looked like we had interrupted her from her phone. Will not be going back.', 'Good food. Enjoyed the goulash soup and pasta. A fine alcohol free beer. Friendly service although it could be a bit more proactive. Place is quiet and you have enough space. Nonetheless it can get noisy due to echoing of voices. All in all recommended and would come back.', "What a great find! We were looking for Casanova's Pub but it's closed. Polo Pub was nearby and it turned it to be great. We had the pork knuckle for two (the pub's signature dish) and it is cut up at your table. Our waiters were attentive, the food was great, the pub is a great venue with an historic feel. Very happy!", 'The location is fine, we got here because was raining and was the closest to the parking spot we found.\nThe serving guy was very friendly and checked on us to see if we were happy with the food.\nThe chicken papricash was very good, I had hungarian rataouiile and was mostly yellow bel pepper. I am not a fan of bell peper and that was a small issue. The tea was fine. My boyfriend had chicken with fried potatoes, also good.', 'The best service I’ve had at a restaurant in Budapest, if you want to be welcomed like old friends and enjoy delicious traditional dishes in a cosy setting then this is your place', '* The place - small, cozy, very nice ambiance and live music (nothing too loud).\n* The food - I had the roasted pork and my girlfriend had the duck leg and both were absolutely delicious! The goulash was fine, but definitely not the best you will have in Budapest.', 'Good pub with reasonable priced drinks, especially during the happy hour. The whole layout and service (which was really good and friendly) reminded us of decent Wetherspoons .', 'We spent two weeks here one night in Budapest :)\n\nHappened upon this pub after a long day of happy hours and wine tasting.\n\nStaff was fun and we had many of their 1L beers.\n\nWent back to the scene of the crime the next day and it was just as good.', 'We are two ladies from Ireland. Very impressed with staff food and service here. Staff fluent in English language and pleasant in every way. Excellent choice on menu and would highly recommend.\nP.S. background music very good', "Great place, but I'm taking one star off because there was no conditioner inside, just fan that was not doing much. It was very hot and hard to sit there. And this place is definitely not for families with small kids. Old toilets, no changing station, no baby seat. Service was very nice, food amazing. They recommended us very nice local beer and delicious cold lemonade. I would visit this place again, but not with baby.", 'Great pub, solid beer, fine burger, eatable baked potatoes (good but not the awesame) ..generally very good experience', "We came across this pub whilst walking about Budapest and thought we would give it a try. Me and 3 family members all had burgers and they were amazing. No complaints at all and the portions were generous. Couldn't fault them at all", 'Very close the Basilica and offers a good value beer.', 'The drinks are incredible and very cheap we also ordered the potato wedges that was a great side for our cocktails\nFriendly staff and nice service, definitely I will go back', '', "Good place for grabbing breakfast (and one of the few serving it at an early hour in the city)\n\nI liked that they have beer on tap and serve it when *normal* people have coffee because... Why not??\n\nI've had the English breakfast... Not great, not terrible but decent value for money\n\nService is great and so is the ambiance, really good for grabbing a coffee, a bite to eat and checking up on your emails", 'Awesome pub just next to our Airbnb in Budapest.\n\nThe night we arrived, we were looking for authentic food. And found the Maverick pub.\n\nWe were totally happy with the quality of food and drinks served to us. What more do you want when you are traveling to a new country, new place !\n\nWe ordered portions of Burritos & veg quessadillas. And Dreher beer from the tap.\n\nAuthentic Mexican food they serve and great beer.\n\nHospitality & ambience is superb 🤩\n\nMust visit if you are looking forward to good Mexican food in town around Fovam Ter.\n\n👌👍', "The portion was super generous and it was delicious indeed.Hot chocolate was tasty and staff was Pro and friendly.it has a amazing vibe which I'll definitely go there agian.", "Extremely unhelpful.\n\nThey don't have a single vegan item, and they are not willing to help either. I tried to order just a plain portion of fries, and they wanted to charge me for the cheese and bacon, even if I cannot eat them. It's a nice environment, but they don't let you hang around even if you're a guest at the hostel, unless you buy something here (which I can't, because they don't have a single thing that's vegan).", "Although it isn't really in the city center, or on the tram lines I highly recommend visiting this place if you are willing to sacrifice a bit on taxi's fares or you have a car, it is in an old western design and the food is one of the best in debrecen in my opinion, the menu includes all types of foods from vegetarian food to steaks. Pay it a visit if you can", 'Great pizza.', 'Friendly staff. Good cooking, has a bar, reasonably priced. In good weather you can sit outside!', "It's OK. The staff is nice, the food is average. At least to my taste.", 'We went to a footballgame and this is a very nice place to sit before the game. You can get something to drink in the pub and sit in the redroom, watch a game.', 'Awesome service', 'Is full of excitement', 'beautiful place', "It's in a secluded place.", '', '', '', 'Cool place in the center of Debrecen.  It has two floors and upstairs there are some sofas.  The food menu is not very extensive but the food is exquisite.  The drink menu is very complete.  We ordered two different gin, two dishes and a dessert.  The price is like anywhere in the center.  The staff is very friendly and they speak English.', "The food is very good, the place is uniquely decorated (wall decorations are amazing and funny), and the staff is on point. The only thing that made me rate it 4 stars is the portion size; it's smaller than usual. But other than this, everything was great!", 'Great vibes, exquisite food and affordable prices', 'took one hour to bring our order! And the restaurant was empty! That means the shef cooked only for us. Food was ubeleivble tasty, but it took for them hours to cook.', 'I found the love of my life here, I will always be happy to come back for a delicious vodka-cola! A must-see when visiting Debrecen, I can only recommend it! Good prices, fun atmosphere!', 'Nicely served, super cold drinks. Pinter brandies. Great service. I can only recommend it!!!!!!', 'Környékbeli törzsvendégek járnak ide javarészt, értsd: részeges Gátvéderek. 😁 Kitűnő hely egy forró, nyári napon egy hideg, életmentő sört lehúzni.', 'Clean, cultured. Fast, intelligent service.', 'The ugliest pub in town. After every Friday and Saturday night, every 50 meter radius looks like a garbage dump: cigarette butts, broken bottles, beer cans and urine. Real cheap crime. The guests mostly stand on the street and babble in inarticulate voices. There is no security guard or anyone to call troublemakers. As far as I know, even the people living on the street are driven crazy by this arrogant style, in the spirit in which the pub is operated. Not a place worthy of Székesfehérvár.', 'There are several soccer balls. It is more popular among high school students. The condition of the toilets is terrible, as if they are never cleaned. The beer is watered down.', 'Good music, good atmosphere, four foosball tables, comfortable seats, this place offers a good place to relax on the weekend.', 'Perfect for teenagers. The bartenders are good people', 'The beer selection and the staff are great. And the ermine is brutally good, perhaps we have never eaten anything this good.', 'What the Bavarians call the pretzel, the Spanish the small fish, the Czechs call the ermelin: a well-loved beer skate based on camembert cheese.', 'Very nice place!', '', "Great place if you want some Guiness on tap with some very traditional Hungarian drunk food! They've got a darts board and a big front in which they have frequent live music! It may be a little out of your way as it's far from the center but it is well worth the travel for good beer and a great atmosphere!", 'Hangulatos, szuper hely!\nAtmospheric, cool place , recommend it to tourists too😉', "A nice gem in the middle of the concrete jungle. Quiet, friendly environment with hospitality you'd expect from your family or close friends. A very good alternative to the noisy and upscale places where you'd pay extra just for being there.", 'Fun place, nice setting, warm hearthed owners who run the place, loved it ', 'They dont mention that you have to self check in using their app, which did not work on my phone. There were  no staff on site to assist and none of the phone numbers worked. Ended up going to a different hostel. Was still charged.', "Very good quality price value! I'm an Italian cycle tourer riding the Eurovelo 6 from France to Black Sea, and I found this hostel very nice! Single room with two beds, very quiet, clean, in the downtown of Gyor, at a fantastic price! I would give a 6 star if could. I stayed 2 nights for rest in this nice town, enjoying the sights and this room. I can't ask more for this price. Highly Recommended if you stay in Gyor!", 'The hostel requires you to send photos of both sides of your id card for checking in. This is forbidden by a number of countries to their citizens and opens the door to identity theft.', "Excellent choice of beers, wines & spirits. Both by local & foreign distilleries. By the Deé Family\nE.g. World's Best Gin 17: Hernö - Old Tom Gin made from 8 organic botanicals; among which Hungarian juniper berries.\nStrongly recommended.", "I saw the bar tenders throw a street musician's guitar case out in the rain for playing across the street from their pub. Not cool.", 'Nice atmosphere, nice staff. So to sum up..Nice 🙂👍', 'Very nice pub, good service, awesome view of people walkin by. A good place to meet travellers and local volk.', "A good dive bar providing they don't play Hungarian pop", "The quality of the food is average, not bad for the price. The service is below criticism. The dirty appetizer plate remained on the table until the end of the dinner, not a smile, not a kind word, if we wanted anything, we would have had to wave and speak for hours. With that much power, you could eat in a fast food restaurant, at least you know not to wait for service at the table... I don't recommend it to anyone.", "The mood light is a little dark for your first reading, but it's a very cozy place", 'Beautiful', 'Kind staff apparently...\nThe toilet is not functional!', "I finally found a real Pub in Szeged. It's not a plastic pub, it's exactly what a pub should be!\nThe service is 5 stars, full information about drinks, in a really friendly way!!!\nThe food is completely authentic and, by the way, divinely delicious!\nSpecial thanks to the chef for the precise information. The flavors spoke for themselves!\nI highly, highly recommend it to everyone ❤️", 'Service is amazing! Drinks for you! A very pleasant family atmosphere. Csemd, peace and cold beers.', 'Quiet. Cozy yard. Good expert service. I can only recommend..', "A place with a great atmosphere, nice, polite service, original Guinness on tap, usually with nitrogen.\nIt's worth a look!", "Over the past 12 years, the place has saved me from falling into boredom several times. And yes, it's open! Dear audience, excellent chair legs!", "As a woman alone, I wouldn't necessarily go in, but there is a certain atmosphere when you ask for a beer on the way home and jump down the four steps", "A real classy place, with stylish Karakan counters. Due to its 24/7 nature, many bugs fall in, but the knives don't fly anyway 😀", "Very nice, everything rustic and shabby, but adorable. It's like the animated movie The Lion King, it doesn't get you at first, but then you hear Jafár's voice from Aladdin and everything is fine. Finally, a pub where Aces are the quarry.", 'Small ordinary pub.', "It only got one star because it has to be graded somehow. Lots of jerks here. In fact, the servers, I can't appreciate that. Maybe so that the bottom.", "The bartender is drunk, he doesn't give a bill! Disgusting place!!! Where can I contact the owner??", 'Average pub, but non-stop, which is a big advantage.', "The toilets are always broken but the service is kinda-ish. It's clean and spacious.", 'Like. Good chairs', "Very lively,  drinks very reasonably prices, staff amazingly helpful, lots of young people visit, being in our 50's we felt very old, but was very welcomming", 'Slow service, filthy atmosphere. However drinks are relatively cheaper than other bars prices in town.', 'I love the atmosphere especially at night because they have a great night show and also I love the food quality and the waiters and waitresses are really polite and helpful you can have a great time with your family and friends here specially in summer cause you can use the terrace.Not only the food was delicious but also the price was really fair and they have different type of Alkohol and non Alkohol drinks and you have many choices.', 'Really bad don’t go there just waist of time', 'The cocktails are delicious.\nFor the young people sitting on the terrace, the late Saturday night cocktail party is not really safe because of the people passing by who are not sober.', 'The waitress avoided work and was a jerk on top of that. Everyone in our party behaved normally, but the server always found something to get involved in and because of this, spoiled the whole atmosphere. I think people come here to have a good time, not to be inconvenienced by the inappropriate style of a server.\nNot to mention the fact that we booked an appointment online for 10 people 4 hours before arrival. When we arrived, they didn\'t even know about the reservation and we got comments like: "Why do they need 3 tables?" If you are unable to view the online bookings due to lack of time, cancel this option as it may cause inconvenience at other times.', 'The food is tasty. The athmosphere is very pleasant and charming. The drinks are plenty and there is a wide variety.', 'Good pizza and nice selection of beers. The reason why I’m not rating this place better is because of the way they are treating customers. If they mistakenly bring you a wrong pizza and you take a bite it is expected that you either eat it or order a new one paying for it, because they can’t give it to the right person. This is not acceptable, if you make a mistake you have to make up for it for the customer.', 'Nice garden terace with great food and a lot of choices in the city center.', "Really great place with super kind staff, big variety of beers and delicious food. One of the best burgers I've had! :)", 'Visitors are welcomed with favorable prices in a demanding environment. Smiling staff, friendly service. An ideal place for groups of friends for bachelor parties.', 'Perfect location, kind service, acceptable prices!!! Darts, billiards, music.....everything you need!!!😁', 'A quiet, cozy pub in a calm environment; nice, polite service.', 'Correct, clean, good service', 'Quick service and the taste is satisfy.', 'Its nice :) They have one good craft beer. Which is somrthing in this boring town.', 'Great food, good prices', 'Nice', "I do not recommend the place. The owner's behavior towards the guests is beyond criticism.", 'The slogan attached to it is still stable: better than opposite! 😉👍🏼', 'Great place, great service and always a good atmosphere. 😉 🙂 😃', 'It is a significant advantage that there is not a place of similar quality in the area. Fortunately, Shamrock provides normal, cultured conditions for a good friendly conversation.', 'King!! The best place in Oros!!', 'The little girl at the counter is phenomenal!', 'Very good place', 'Super!', 'II. the 15th stop of our pub tour in Kecskemét seemed to be closed at half past nine on Saturday night. We got closer. We found the covered patio door of the panelalja pub still open, but the garage door only ajar. Along with that, we checked in and even though we felt that we were bothering, we really wanted to have a quick drink here. That was our argument, nothing more. So we replaced the usual glass of beers - Soproni and Mort Subite on tap - with a sip of Unicum, so we didn\'t really understand the eponymous nature of the spinach-eating sailor in the dark. It\'s just that the character of the room, which is paneled from floor to ceiling, with the barrel ends on the walls and the wooden benches with stained glass, is more of a wine bar, even though the glass glasses on the shelves with the names of the winter sleepers are more like beer mugs.\n//.. the "Show me a pub!" quoting myself from a facebook group...//', 'The coffee is delicious\nThe service is good', 'Beers on tap: Soproni, Mort Subite, 🍺👌😀\nFamily atmosphere until 9 pm!🍻😉', 'Kind - cute - guest-loving service 🥰', "Update: the pub has moved house, now it is located some 50m away, at the other side of the Városház square, right behind the Széchenyi statue. Now serving Soproni / Heineken beers, it has otherwise kept the style, but in a much better building. Longer opening hours and snacks.\n\nUpdate: the only place in Miskolc with genuune IBA-standard Rusty Nail cocktail on!\n\nA classic location in Miskolc. Built as a provisional workers barrack for a project back in the 80's, this pub has tricked out all attempts for closure. The design of the place radiates a special kind of temporariness of a place, that had been marked for shutdown every year during its 30 years of existence, to no avail. With probably the nicest staff in the city, the drink selection is relatively large with acceptable prices. Beer of the house is Borsodi, with Staropramen on draft here. There is a huge outdoor terrace with a large LED screen and a stage for the summer, and there is also ample space inside - 3 former shops in this building were linked together to form a relatively large hall, where serious bands play regularly with no entry fee. In the pub proper there are several TV screens for watching sports, also pool, darts and foosball.  Grizzly is a meeting point to most expats living in Miskolc.", 'Very kind personnal and also owner of the pub, which help to us in a few seconds when he listen that something happend near the roses garden.', "It's a nice place for drink some beers, the music is good and you have the opportunity to play billiard and other games. I think that the WC isn't the better one, my girlfriend told me, that the laidys WC the doors doesn't work.", 'Central location, very good for big parties.\nLive rock music all year. Nice terrace during summer season.\nReasonable prices. Great variety.\nCash only.', 'Hennessy 1300 !', 'Iively crowd', 'dirty place', "I've been there once or twice. But it wasn't called that then. I'll be honest, I don't even know when it got its name.\nBut that's not the point now.\nThe place has a cozy and sophisticated design.\nI felt good here. The lady serving was nice and professional. If I have time, I will definitely visit here. Good luck, money for the Farmer :)\n\nI am writing my next lines on my second stay here. At least the second under that name. Nothing changed. I write this in a positive sense.", "We went here to try magyar famous Unicum during Friday night. Service was very quickly, but as we are not a disco lovers, we've just made a quick stop here. But we got, what we wanted.", 'Good place to drink cold beer at summer period', "Hmmm......what can I say!\nHonestly?\nI did not like it!\nWe haven't ordered from here yet!\nIt was home delivery!\nWe previously ordered approx. afternoon to 19:30!\nIt arrived with perfect accuracy at 19:31! That's all the positives! ***\nThe dough is thin! The topping is not enough! It was almost dry on the 2 mm dough!\nThe covid variety pizzas with the syringes are inventive. **", "INTERSPAR donuts are sold for HUF 900, which is HUF 299 at Interspar. So much so that the paper cover is taken off it 🤣 THAT'S HOW CLOWNS WERE IN THE FRIDGE FOR US TOO! HUF 299 at Spar!", 'It is an average place. Have good snacks and good drinks. The price is low.', 'Joyfull place in the middle of pandemic cold night', 'One of best cherry beer', 'The memories, that there is something eternal and that gives the fantastic feeling of being invited, beckoned - come sit down and enjoy yourself 😊😊😊 thank you', '5 star venue with amazing staff...great night out at Ficzak!!!', 'Very nice place with a great selection of well made cocktails and drinks. Best quality used only. Definitely a recomendation!', 'Cocktail guy knows how to make killer cocktails! Good stuff!', 'Very nice location, humble staff', 'If you like rock and metal this is the place to have a beer.', 'WONDERFUL ROCK BAR!', "Beer`n'roll", "It used to be a good place, I agree with the reviews from 2-3 years ago, but the current state of the place is simply repulsive, I don't recommend it to anyone", 'Great service, great variety and price of drinks. Many options of games.', 'Nice people, good drinks and cheap.\nThe PCs have great performances and the internet is fast.\nThey also have tabletop games, playstations and foosball.\n\nSo all in all, great bar for gaming and such.', 'Very friendly staff, good cocktail options, fun! Recommanded for every gamer, esport lover and everyone who wants to try out some special cocktails.', "Great place if you're into gaming, super fast internet and also equipped with a full bar in case you're looking to make a night of it.", 'One of the best places for summer vibes!', 'A pure oasis of joy! A very nice cafe.', "It's closed but very beautiful.", 'I love this little cafe’. The ambiance is lovely and super relaxing 😌  The coffee, lemonade and cake are good. The staff is just great 😊👍\nI recommend spending an afternoon in this little place, a nice break away  from the crowds, noise, summer heat and sun.', 'Optimum choise of draft, always got guinnes/ kilkenny here, snacks available, not used such option to order from outdoor the food. Stuff friendly, spoke english good, recommended to visit)))', 'Coziest place to get a mojito! Became my pitstop for Mojitos (amazingly priced, btw) and good service ❤️', 'Laid back atmosphere in Ladadika area . Good variety of beers and simple menu . Food is nice and waiter is on the ball . seating inside and outside . Recommend highly .', 'The best pub in Thessaloniki.Original pub with great music,cold beers and amazing food.', 'Slow but good service\n\nPerfect Guinness if topped up to the rim 😎', 'Very beautiful place to eat and drink! Nice music, excellent service, yummy food!', 'Brilliant place for a night out. It brings back memories of how bars used to be... Great music vibes, cocktails, spirits and brilliant bites and snacks. I think amongst the top night out venues in Thessaloniki', "Despite Thessaloniki being a cruise ship stop, this spot was filled with locals with no tourists in sight.  In our books, it's a good sign when the place if full but they have no english menus and the waitress struggles 😂.  The food was great, we had the Irish burger and the pork chops.  We would probably be regulars here if we lived in Thessaloniki.", 'The best rock and roll place in Evosmos! Nice beer, really good music.', 'Good prices. Cozy atmosphere. Alternative music. Bar games.', 'Needs a face lift..but the service is good the people are very friendly', "One of the best Pizza i'have eat the last time", 'We booked for 10 people to celebrate a birthday. They were totally rude, lazy  waitress and at the end they never brought the receipt for what we ordered. Totally unprofessional… will never go back to that place, although visited in the last year as many times the quality at the moment is very poor.', 'Alternative choice for a beer on Antheon str. Do not miss sausages with a cold pinte; highly recommended.!', 'Cosy , variety of beers and very good rock music. Missing 2 stars for low quality of drinks and cocktails though it is not that kind of pub and the smell of fried potatoes!! :)', "Now, that is a pub. Not in the British way, but a pub where you can go and have your beer. A wide selection of beers(not that I am an expert), less for wines and of course a great variety of spirits. Wheel chair access exists, place for wheel chairs and strollers is available, though using a bathroom is not a choice. Music is not always from a playlist but there is also various dj' s that perfom there. Overall it is a really nice place, with friendly people and polite personnel. 4 stars is for the luck of parking, wc for disabled and the lack of fresh air during winter..keep looking for updates when spring and Sumner arrives.", 'Clean drinks, rustic Irish ambience with that touch of Greek Mediterranean breeze in the summer and mountain lodge warmth in the winter...\n\n...a very good for local/neighborhood pub/bar concept, still young and fresh, despite its many years of history and existence...-:)', 'A lot of kind of beers in a nice place near the center of Oraiokastro. I highly recommend to taste draft or Czech Republic beers', "You couldn't possibly find a better place to enjoy your beer. The place itself is the best this town has to offer and the catalogue is massive... it's not far from the town and its definitely worth the short drive. The stuff is always present and helpful as well as kind with good knowledge of every beer in that catalogue. Don't omit to visit on Wednesdays when they host a live. Cheers !", 'The best Beer Pub in Oreokastro and Thessaloniki. A lot of different kind of beers and very good food.', 'Cosy little bar, with rare local craft beer options available. The decoration is impressive, the atmosphere is great, and I hear that the occasional live music events are special. Bonus points for the owner and staff, they just get it.', "Amazing atmosphere and extremely friendly stuff. We ordered something which was on the menu only for the holidays. A weird beer. And it was very good. I personally like the decoration also. Overall it's a fantastic place.", 'This rock spot lives for more than 25 years! If you like this music, you definitely should have a drink here. One of the most legendary bars in the town.', 'One of the few bars in Thessaloniki with an amazing catalog of Greek craft beers.', "I doubt that there is a better bar/café in western Thessaloniki, and it surely is one of the best in the whole town.\nIts catalog is large, with many choices in all kinds of drinks. Especially beers. There a lot of draft options and even more bottled ones. Also I extremely appreciate the fact that they promote and have a large stock of Greek beers, not many places do that in this extend.\nThe staff is extremely friendly and helpful, they really know their stuff on beers and drinks, and they follow the hygiene guidelines for covid (something that alas can't be said for many places).\nI love this bar, it is my favourite one in this city, and I'll keep returning and recommending it to anyone.", 'The perfect hiding spot to enjoy your beer. Many people nowadays though.', 'Best music in town! Everyone who loves Indie, Rock, Punk and The Cure or Jimi Hendrix will have a nice time', "Great place for a coffee stop or a cocktail/beer. Ask for the beer plate, it's awesome 👌", "One of friends had suggested that I go to this bar to try absinthe. So I decided to take my friends there for my birthday. And I've got to say that this is a freaking gold mine of a bar! The decor is gorgeous and the menu was spectacular! But the music was the best thing about it by far! It's mainly jazz, but I honestly never expected I would hear my favourite jazz musician. I'm speechless, this is a bar everybody should visit!", "Great late night bar with very chilled music. It's in the party area of Thessaloniki. Very central. Prices are great. The staff were friendly. They play mainly music from the 1940s and jazz. If you are a fan of this type of music then it's the place to go for you. I highly recommend it if you're in Thessaloniki.", 'Very cool chilled bar. Great staff and massive knowledge of cocktails. You ask you shall receive. Chat to Petros.\nSuper chilled. Think Nora Jones\\Stevie wonder jazz vibe.', 'AMAZING! Went three nights in a row, €3 a shot with large range of flavours. After staying there so long we also got a round of free shots when one was ‘poisoned’ with absinthe.', 'Quiet secluded place in this extremely loud city. I loved it 🥰', 'I just love this cozy place!!', "Excellent couldn't have looked after us any better", 'Very nice place,  but the heat is not enough in very cold days', 'Top notch hospitality and prices. The perfect place to drink your beer in Thessaloniki', 'Nice and cozy with friendly staff and a great atmosphere. The prices were great, good value for money.', "We had a great night here. The owner didn't have much English but he made a great effort to make us feel welcome and have a great time!", 'best blue shots of alcohol ever. Definitely will visit again', 'YES , it\'s an Irish pub ☘️🍻🇮🇪\nThe food quality and serving is just like a typical pub in Ireland , in big portions and the sauce tastes fabulous.\nI even had a big glass of cranberry juice and said " I\'m grand !"\n*** A special thank to the chef !\nHere I attached our delicious plates.\nI will definitely go again!\nI would like to have live Irish music from time to time and I wonder how it\'s there like on a St Patrick s day : Irish dance ? Missing the Emerald island ...\n\nIt\'s highly recommended to have dinner ,for a pint , chill out , watch the games ...and guess what? With reasonable prices ...', "Since it opened in 2003 I've been visiting this pub every time I come to Greece. Maybe that says enough but I can spend a few words on it to explain. First of all, this pub's interior is beautiful and you can tell it’s established by a couple from Ireland. Secondly the staff is always friendly and fast in serving you a good pint. They have a nice and divers selection on tap and the same holds for their whiskey and whisky selection. The food they serve is also delicious. Besides their burger and Fish & Chips you should also try their Rib-eye steak. It’s really good and one of the best I’ve been served in a pub or restaurant. Last but not least I like the vibe of this place. I’m not a big sports fan but it’s really nice to watch a game here just because of the nice atmosphere. Next time I am in Glyfada I will go back because this place feels like home (in Greece).", 'Always pleasure to be here! Great atmosphere and food! A must in Glyfada.', 'We sat down, all is well in the beginning, we order our food. The waiter comes back 2 times to tell us that some ingredients for our dishes (chicken)are missing and we settle for something different TWICE. Then after waiting for 40 minutes, a different waiter comes back and informs us that what we order the second time does not exist anymore on the menu. We got pissed so we just left, but they still made us pay for the two cokes 7€ even after waiting for 40 minutes for NOTHING. If you want to eat this is not the place, Glyfada is full of so many other better options.', 'A fair local spot, next to a church inside a small yard with parking... they have normal prices, few finger food / pizza, low vol. general music and ok customers... for a very casual exit it is fine...', 'Very slow and borderline unfriendly service. It might have been a bad day for the staff, but having to wait 20 minutes just to be given a menu makes everything after that harder to digest. At least the beer was cold and tasty.', 'Fun little place, cozy atmosphere, they even have their own local brew!', 'Interesting parties, very good prices, alternative people and nice staff', 'One of the best experiences I had in Athens. The food and drinks were spectacular! The price was reasonable. The restaurant’s service was excellent too. The waiter was very friendly and suggested so many things for us to try.', "Recently named one the best 50 bars. We have knocked off a few of these top 100 over the past year in Chicago, Singapore and Athens. We can't whole-heartedly argue with the assessment.\n\nWhat I can you that this is bar is worth a stop for sure after a long day, walking, eating and exploring. Not sure if reservations are normally needed, but we were lucky to walk right in and get a prime table. Our service was attentive and worth the trip alone. He greeted us promptly, gave us recommendations and was there whenever we needed him...even though could tell he was busy.\n\nI'd like to carry much of his accommodating attitude and genuine hospitality to some of our servers here in US and Vegas.\n\nThe menu(s) were formatted appropriately and took us where we needed to go, if you knew what you liked.\n\nEnjoyed the music selection, as was 60 seconds (or less) blurbs from songs we all knew, masterfully mixed....just like the drinks.\n\nEven though it has been a long day, the environment and prompt service cohered us all each into a second cocktail.\n\nIf I lived in vicinity, not sure it would be my normal hangout, but it'd be in the rotation.\n\nStellar operations all across the boards, worthy of the accolades.", 'We were recommend to Clumsies for the best cocktail bar and to try their Greek salad cocktail.\nWe arrived on a Sunday and it was full and we were told no.\nThere was an event on in the city and every Grecian had attended the event and then gone out for breakfast/ coffee.\nWhat was disappointing was there were children sitting at the bar taking up\nValuable seating playing on phones while parent sat elsewhere drinking coffee.\nHow does the best bar turn away customers to serve coffee and let children sit at the bar!\n\nWe ended up going elsewhere but would not be defeated and returned a few hours later when the streets were emptying out and they welcomed us.\n\nWe ordered 4 different cocktails and 3 dishes and we weren’t disappointed.\nWorth returning. Thankyou', 'Stunning cocktail bar that certainly deserves its high ranking! We loved the cocktails but more specifically the food!! The bao buns and the Greek pasta dish were spectacular. Will be back one day without the kids….', 'Great fun spot!!!  Great beers on tap.  The inside and out feel like a beer place.  The staff was overly friendly.  Also the bathrooms were women friendly!!!! Having a wife this is very important as she travels the beer world with me.  This allowed us to stay and have more beer.', 'Food took 2 hours to appear (counting by when we ordered). Decent, but not worth the wait in the slightest. A third of the "freshly cut" fries were precut. Waiter was average.\n\nEdit: bill was wrong as well. Lowered rating to one star from 2.', "As proper a beer garden as I've seen in Greece!  German beer on tap, and many in bottle.  Nice sausages and a PROPER pretzel as well!", 'Great place, with friendly and attentive staff. The beer selection on tap is great with a wide variety of several types of beer. The Mix Grill is highly recommended as a side to your beer. One of the best places for beer lovers in the area!', 'Vibes of a British pub, nice selection of beers and snacks and rock music of all genres. A cozy place with friendly owners, that has kept its character for more than a decade!', "Cute, cute, cute old school pub. Its owner is a Greek Canadian and the pub is quintessential small town Canada pub. Dark, lots of paraphernalia,  taps and bottles. An array of old school cocktails,  a menu that is based on what the bartender has in the kitchen,  and really really reasonable prices. It's a great place for expats feeling a bit of nostalgia, and locals in the hood. The owner is very sweet.", 'One of the coolest pubs in Athens. Many interesting beer options, plenty of hard liquor, delicious food, amazing music, cozy old-school environment and located in a beautiful neighborhood in the heart of Athens.', "Awesome. The most genuine pub in Greece. Amazing atmosphere with a  lot of character. There are darts of you want to play. A big yard of ale behind the barman. It's an experience.", "Custom cocktails. Not typically a place to take a 4 year old, but they still made a great concoction for him - 2 even as the first one had fizz and he wasn't a fan. If they can make something creative for my little man, they can surely make something for you!", 'Perfect cocktails, Nice atmosphere, Great music!', 'I love this place. Packed with local crowd!!\nThe morning barista is making excellent coffee. The cold coffees such as freddo espresso/Cappuccino are a delight', 'One of my favourite places to grab a hip cocktail in glyfada. Make sure you add this place to your to-do list summer or winter', 'Very small club where we were reprimanded for talking too loud?\nDrinks are expensive as well.\nCannot recommend', "Amazing spot.\nAmazing music(mostly techno), I don't even live for techno but this place invite so many great artists that I finally embraced this genre.\nThe crowd is mixed, many queers, Cis hipsters and girls.\nDrinks are cheap, they should offer more bottled beers/ciders.\nVery good,  one of the best bars in all Athens.", 'The best of the best\nThe source of the techno music in Athens\n\U0001faf6🏽', "What a surprise and interesting place to be explore in the center of Athens!\nNice place and the staff it's very kindly.", 'Nice quiet place, variety of beers, the owner recommends are welcome, fair prices', 'Very cute quiet bar with emphasis on good beer. Excellent Greek craft and microbrewery ales and European/International selections. Nice rock music.', 'excellent bar, great music and atmosphere and friendly staff. has a vast beer collection and the owner always recommends us tasty different drinks. would recommend', 'Best pub in the area!', 'They make a great aperol spritz and bring you a little bowl of homemade popcorn every time you order a drink! One of my favorite places to stop and have a relaxed drink', "Came here over heated .... Got cold water without even requesting it.... Got filter coffee, beer,  fruit salad and yogurt with chocolate.    The fruit salad was super fresh and delicious.   VERY good coffee ....yogurt was one of the best desserts my husband had had on this trip (that's a quote).   Really great prices, cute waiter who was really efficient.   This place is right next to Starbucks.... Black chairs.... You will be happy here.", 'We had lunch here and it was really nice. Tasty food, friendly stuff.\n\nDidn’t expect much from bruschetta with tomato jam and cheese but it was so so good!!!\n\nService was amazing!', 'One well made and designed place with good quality drinks and good music.every day something diferent and serval events!!!!!', "Great place down a quiet side street.  Chicken Club was generous and came with large fries.  Perfect if you don't have much time.  Also the microbrewery IPA was excellent - fruity and refreshing.", 'We came to eat some nice breakfast .\nThey have great coffee , and we had a plate of greek breakfast . It was so good that we skipped lunch and dinner . It is near the agios titus.  Thank you for great service.', 'We had breakfast at Crop on one of our days in Heraklion. It was a good breakfast - very good portions for the price. The food came out in a timely manner and service was fine. The coffee was good, but I do think the coffee at Frankly or Moasiac were better.', 'Very nice place with friendly people !\n\nReally Testy food !\nThe environment is very relaxing\nThe people who are working here are very helpful and kind !\nI am really pleased !\n\nWe took crock madam and pancakes (Crock madam was 10/10 and pancakes 8/10)\n\nI recommend it a hundred per cent!\n\nAlso very important: they make their own coffee from fresh beans and it’s amazing!\n\nIt’s a must.', 'Food and staff were amazing. The waitress was drop dead gorgeous and extremely sweet. You tip them and they bring you extra food and drinks free since tips are not required in Greece. Great location only a few blocks away from the main plaza in Heraklion Crete.', 'The best all day wine bar - restaurant in Herakleio city. You can start your day with high quality coffee and snacks, continue with light lunch and close the day with a dinner accompanied with the most known Cretan  wines and selected labels from Greece and abroad.', 'Just spent a week in Heraklion and when we were returning to our hotel in the evening we would pop into this wine bar/restaurant for a few drinks. For being strangers my wife and I were made most welcome and at the end of our trip we left feeling like friends. The staff were second to none and couldn’t do enough for us, in fact we were given on the house drinks on several occasions as well as nibbles and cheese on our table. The owner of the restaurant gave my wife a bottle of wine on  our last evening which was very kind of him to do. If you are visiting Heraklion I would recommend that you visit this restaurant. Again many thanks to all the people at this restaurant who made our stay so enjoyable.', 'Great place for a quick wine tasting. Lots of varieties by glass, great service :).', "Great cafe and bar in Heraklion. It's near the lion square at the heart of Heraklion. I love their freddo cappuccino. And the whiskey sour I tried was amazing. I always visit this place each time I'm in Heraklion. I highly recommend it if you're in Heraklion too. Prices are great too.", 'Great menu variety, reasonable prices & great food quality.\nService is fast & friendly.', 'Newscafe is a really nice place in the heraklion market.\nThe hamburger was good.\nThe spaghetti was with a little extra oil than usual but is was good as well.\nGreat service and locates really nicely.', 'So I\'m only giving my review to the bar staff since my husband and I went straight to the bar seating since he tends to think we get seating faster there. In this case we did and I only think it was because we were out early, which means 8pm. I was on a hunt for a specific drink that is made with Mastika, which I have previously visited other places showcasing a "mixologist". I ordered a Bar Spoon, I swear after a hot day sweating from hiking or even shopping and carrying those bags. You are going to love this drink, it was perfection. Plus like the signature drink name, it comes with a frozen delicious spoon of vanilla🥰🙄🤤. Oh, if anyone was wondering what my husband ordered, he got an Alpa beer(it was good) 😁. Music, atmosphere, staff were great and attentive. 💋', 'This is the perfect breakfast spot in Iraklio. The coffee is refreshingly great for the standards here, the staff is very kind and the food fantastic.', 'Loved the pancakes and the specialty coffee. The area was also super nice between some other restaurants, close to the city center of Heraklion.', 'Very nice interior and exterior, delicious breakfasts, and nice waiters. Came here several times while we were staying in Heraklion, because we enjoyed this place', 'Great venue including for cocktails and food. Staff friendly and helpful. Sit inside or out.', "Extremely friendly and welcoming brewery and most importantly, they have outstanding beer.  If you like beer and are in Crete, I highly recommend stopping by.  I love IPAs and usually have problems finding good ones on travel, but Notos' was spot on!", 'Very friendly people nice beer at good prices highly recommend paying them a visit if you like craft beer!', "You need to check the opening times very carefully, but once you got in, you are treated like a king. Amazing place, amazing staff, amazing beer! Don't miss this brewery if you like good beer!", "Amazing beer, amazing brewers. I have to say, that they weren't expecting us, but the service, the fun and the beer of this microbrewery were absolutely wonderful. We are planning to visit them again next year and look forward to more great Notos beers!", 'Stone is one of the best places in the city . Cool vibe , some young and some older crowd.\nThe music transitions depending on the hour , you get light rock some old and new hip hop maybe some pop .\nDefinitely a must visit for a drink or a cocktail .', 'Amazing service, creative signature cocktails, awesome popcorn assortisment. Also great design of the place and wide playlist of viby old school music. Totally recommend', 'The concept is very nice. Well elaborated cocktails with unique flavors. Try out the Mexicano cocktail!', 'Cocktails are aaamazing!\nRecommend: Voodoo bitch🍹💯', 'Exquisite drinks from Stavropol every single time. No matter if you go for one of the global classics, the classics from his own creations that will withstand the passage of time or try one of the seasonal cocktails from the menu, you simply won’t be disappointed. Great music vibes too', "Outstanding cocktails (best I've had so far), cozy space and music, and friendly staff.\n\nCocktails are ~10€ and differ in size, but they are served with free water and full of rich flavor so that you can/will enjoy them slowly.\nOne cocktail even came with a piece of delicious chocolate which greatly complemented the flavor even more.", 'The mixologist knows very well what’s doing here. It’s the best cocktail bar I have been in a long time. Try their Whiskey Sour, it’s great!', 'Really good cocktails 🍸 There are a few with very unique taste. It’s definitely worth trying', 'They didn\'t let us sit down inside in the sofas claiming that the sofas were "reserved".... After 3 hours of sitting somewhere else nobody sat on the sofa or anywhere near that area inside that we wanted. Bad shop policy unfortunately towards uni students truly unfortunate... I\'m only giving 3 star because of the prices on the centre which are average and because the music was good.', 'Lovely find on our day visit. Exceptional food. Great service and price.', 'One is better than the other...\nAtmosphere, food and service🌹\nThank you 🙏🏻', 'Amazing place, beautiful setting. The staff were wonderful & so willing to help. The sangria & cocktails were unreal. I had the mushroom risotto which was lovely & my boyfriend had the chicken zinger which he enjoyed but said could have been a bit more flavourful. Overall great experience & highly recommend xx', 'Thanks a lot. Our first meal experience in Crete and it was amazing. Great food and great service. The waitress was super friendly and helpful.', 'Very nice "hidden" restaurant with garden lid by candlelight. Food and service both amazing. Nice relaxed ambience and the girls were very friendly.\n\nNice place for a date or dinner with friends.', "Great back yard with hipster vibe. Menu has more options comparing to other local places. An experience which shouldn't be missed in Heraklion.", 'Incredibly nice place in the center of Heraklion. Everyone is friendly and food is just delicious!', 'Wonderful atmosphere relaxed like a spa  (when I stopped in the afternoon) in a quiet street. Good coffee. Coffee, 1 l water and plenty of cookies 3,5 Euro', 'Very good food, service and location. Good prices for food.\nThe beer prices should be a bit lower, especially for foreign beers. The prices for beer served in the restaurant are almost double than the prices of the same beers taken at home.', 'One of the best stores to spend your evening in Heraklion. A vast collection of beers worldwide with amazing appetizers and deserts. A must if you visit this city.', "This is the second time I have been here and served by the same, very lovely waitress.  She is so nice and helpful.  I came again to have the exact salad I had the first time, as I wanted to eat it again, because it's delicious. Everything was so tasty,  the sauce was to die for (to be honest, it's drinkable ) 😃 We were also given a stand with little biscuits on it before our meals came.  After the meal we were given a dessert 'on the house' of absolutely the best banana and chocolate dessert.  Simple but extremely delicious 😋  It was a fresh banana serves with fresh milk chocolate, (by the way, we starting eating it before I took the photo, I  was presented very nicely before 😉)drizzled over with dark chocolate. I was told they make the chocolate and you can't get it anywhere else.  It is truly a chocolate lovers delight.  So on the menu,  there is chocolate,  chocolate and more chocolate.   They have chocolate fountains and the list seems endless.  One day I will go here for a chocolate dessert or drink of chocolate.  Whilst there I saw one table have a very tall vessel, containing beer, so that customers can use the tap to serve themselves.  Very intriguing,  I have never seen this before. Any sorry for the long review.", 'Awesome guys. We came to Patras and wanted a place to sleep when we weren’t in Patras, we found it on Park4Night, it just so happened the day we came was when they came back from holiday. So moods were high, and everyone was super laid back and drinking beer. We had a couple of beers (great taste) my wife had a pomegranate ale and I had an IPA. We ended up staying for 3 nights. If you are in Patras don’t miss out on good company and great beer.', 'Awesome beer, awesome people and every Friday the bar is open for everyone to try and taste all the new beers the guys keep on inventing!', "Excellent beer, super cool people and delicious pizza (when you can get it).. the guys there are very friendly and happy to show you how they make their awesome brews! It's a hidden gem, do drop by if you're around.", "It's heaven on earth. Various handcrafted and sophisticated beers made with love by lovely people!", "Located in a small alley. The food was just ok. Lots of mosquitoes and couldn't dine inside as there was no aircon and was really hot. Limited beer selection", 'Very good experience... if i will be in Volos again definitely i will stop by. Huge variety of beers and especially my favourite - Brewdog punk in draft!!! Very nice and kind barman is big plus... (y)', 'Relaxed almost romantic setting, kind service and a nice selection of local beers and some great food to enjoy your beer with. A favorite spot when in Volos.', 'Nice place........\nYou feel like .....being in an Greek island.\n\nFriendly staff\nPerfect food and .....\n\nBig variety of beers', 'Beautiful, spaceous bar in Athens. It has a pool table and you can play darts. The owner is an amazing guy with a lot of love for his guests. They also have a good selection of beers and liquor. Highly recommended for everyone in Athens', "Great atmosphere and a very friendly owner. Wide selection of draft beers as well as bottled ones. We tried the O ' Donovans beer as well as the Monkey Brew (divine). Nachos were nice although a bit overpriced, and we were pleasantly surprised with the chicken nuggets (we ordered 2 portions). Will definitely visit this pub again!", 'Awesome pub! Staff is great and helpful! I really can’t say anything bad about this pub other than that they need to kick me out earlier haha\n\nThe Cool lil futures they have are cool Irish pub design and pretty much everything made out of barrels plus a pool table, darts and a foosball table!', "Awesome new bar. The bartender is really friendly. They have a huge variety of great beers here. Definitely give this bar a try, it's worth it", 'True bar! Excellent music, great atmosphere and quality drinks! Plus 8f you are a cocktail person you will there drink all the originals as they should be and much more very interesting creations.', "If you haven't been there, go! The spirits, the music, the prices, everything is perfect. The only flaw is that there isn't enough spaceand it is too noisy sometimes.", 'Good drinks\nFriendly staff\nNice music', 'Among the best in Vironas for either coffee or drinks. Polite and helpful staff combined with a cozy  and friendly atmosphere.', "Great place to have a few beers.\n\nThe bartender is a jolly person who was more than happy to serve us and have a chat.\n\nThey have a wide selection of beers on tap and canned.  The chilled Guiness surely did travel well.\n\nIt's got quaint stools making it cozy.\n\nThe walls are decorated with interesting bar rules and puns.\n\nOverall, a fun place to unwind after touring the island .", 'Original Irish pub, with classic rock, darts, beer n whiskey, darts, hotdogs and sausage plates, great people and the weight of its long history!\nA must when in Athens, a steki for us locals', 'Their pos is problematic.It didn’t accept my electronic debit card and we had to swipe again and again my friend’s physical debit card until it went through. They didn’t issue any receipt.', 'The best Irish pub in Athens! Great music!', 'Good atmosphere, great food, kind staff and great beer. The music fits perfectly with the vibe and makes for truly a memorable experience. Finally, the toilets are clean and well decorated which was a pleasant sight.', 'Great little pub in a quiet neighborhood of Athens off of the main strip. Ross is always there ready with a quick joke or a story from back home in Scotland.', 'Nothing better than some Irish atmosphere combined with excellent service and a good variety of beers and appetizers.', 'Our favorite place to come especially for a beer.... we love everything about this pub.... the beer variety, the pizza, the burgers, even the breakfast.... Ross the owner makes sure you feel welcome and all the staff is super friendly and happy to have us. Even our dog is welcomed here. Should give it a go 😘 oh and I forgot to mention our favorite night is Friday xx - check out the photo 😚', 'Wandered in on a whim while exploring in Athens. Servers immediately greeted us and seated us and helped us with beer selection. Bathrooms were good and clean! The owner was very friendly and helpful in assisting us in the rest of our day. We planned to stay only for a drink, and he was able to recommend a local restaurant according to things we were chatting about (our expectations etc, was excellent). We talked about music and he even suggested some shows happening that we might want to check out. 10/10 would Sparrow again.', "The Lucky Sparrow Pub is hands down one of the best Restaurant Pubs I have ever been to. This amazing place offers the perfect blend of great food, incredible beer, and an atmosphere that's just unbeatable.\n\nThe first thing that stood out to me at The Lucky Sparrow Pub was their beer selection. They offer some of the best beers I've ever tasted, and each drink was crafted to perfection. The staff is knowledgeable about their drinks, and they always recommended the best drink for my taste buds. The beers were complemented by their tasty food, which was equally amazing. The flavors were rich, and the dishes were well-prepared.\n\nThe music at The Lucky Sparrow Pub is another thing that sets it apart from other Restaurant Pubs. They play different genres of music each night, with the most popular being rock and punk. The music choice is excellent, and it always adds to the lively atmosphere of the pub. Sometimes they even have live music which is just fantastic.\n\nThe Lucky Sparrow Pub also has a cozy and welcoming atmosphere that makes you feel at home. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and they always make you feel like you're part of the family. This place has quickly become my favorite pub, and I always look forward to my next visit.\n\nOverall, I highly recommend The Lucky Sparrow Pub to anyone looking for a great Restaurant Pub experience. With their excellent beer selection, tasty food, great music, and cozy atmosphere, they offer the perfect place to unwind and have a good time with friends.", 'Best Irish pub in Athens!\nThere are also original Irish music live events sometimes!', 'great service and a great selection of beer. Good rock music too! Advised to go to this bar if you like good beers.', '"A NICE PINT OF GUINNESS"\n\nIn an authenticly decorated little bar,\nand in spitting distance from the port where the cruise ships dock.', 'They insist that beef steak is "medium", and did not even inform the cook. Argument is not an solution, serve the customer please. And please check in internet how a medium steak looks !!', 'Amazing food, everything was so delicious and very nice and helpful waiters.', "Very decent wee pub with a good WiFi connection and football.\n\nAll three staff that have served me\xa0have been very friendly, with some nice small derail touches. They also put the game on TV I requested.\n\nFood is good, made to order and well presented. Not the generic frozen pub food one finds in too many Irish pubs around the world. And good portions.\n\nThe chicken wings are good, but the menu could state that one can order them extra spicy; instead of being advised after they were served. And obviously, Celery & Blue Cheese Dip would be the appropriate accompaniment.\n\nMusic is also good, although there is a tendency for an entire album to be played. So, if you don't like that artist; you will have quite a wait for something different.\n\nAll in all, a very pleasant experience and I will definitely make it a regular stop.\n\nJust steer clear of the Cider Vinegar & Sea Salt crisps. They taste more like Cheese & Onion.", 'Such lovely service! Would recommend to anyone, great music playing and great ambience, drinks are good too :)', 'Nice place with cool music and great service.', "Perhaps the best experience I've had with my trousers on in the last 6.5 years", 'Unfortunately when we went there they had a very limited catalog to the point more than 50% of the drinks was unavailable and no food. Got a tea, was ok, felt premade. Service was slow but at least friendly.', "Great little spot for a drink and a slice when you're done with the ruins, history, and touristy gift shops around the Acropolis. If Niovi is working and you like rum tell her to make you her favorite drink! It's her own concoction and she refuses to name it after herself but it is truly amazing. In the evening it's a bit more crowded and the music is louder but the drinks are just as good. 5 stars, all the way from Baltimore.", 'We went to this bar on a Sunday night to have drinks with a couple of friends. The place is warm with nice music (rock/funk was playing that night). We enjoyed drinking and talking and afterward we just got the subway which is very close to the bar.', "I'd give 5 stars if the drinks didn't cause me a horrific hangover the next day (even though I didn't drink a lot). Maybe I should have ordered bottled drinks (e.g. beer) instead.\nOther than that, polite and pleasant staff, fun music etc.", 'Nice place, friendly staff but nothing special. The place is very small in an ok location.\n\nVery hard to find parking around!\n\nIt is a good place for a beer, it has nice music also\n\nPrices are ok (5€ draft Beer)\n\nAccepts credit cards also.', 'Every time I come to Athens, I visit this bar. With a big smile on her face, the gorgeous owner always makes us the most perfect old-fashions we’ve ever had. As you’d hope and expect from a bar that’s called old-fashioned. Her taste is music is exceptional and runs the gamut from blues, to classic rock and funk. Sitting on the outside tables affords you the best people-watching view in the city. A must visit bar.', 'Stopped by to have one last beer before our departure in this cozy bar and we enjoyed our time. The bartender was nice. Just as we were paying by the counter and saying goodbye, a cockroach walked over my foot and went inside the bar. Never saw it go back out. I guess it wanted to say goodbye to us too. 😅', 'Fantastic bar off in side street with great music, cocktails & it had wonderful lady employee who i think is manager, she gave us free peanuts & our cocktails was very tasty she made & not filled with 70% ice like most places do lol.\n\nDefinitely me & my gf will return, hopefully with friends next time.', 'Simply...the best!!!! Amazing drinks!! Amazing place!! Small bar, with music that travel you years ago 😉, the stuff is very nice smiling, 😊 and very logical prices!!!(also very important the drinks are real... not fake)... just go...!!!!!', 'Incredible spot to bring a group or just a couple of friends. Amazing staff and an even more amazing music selection. I would also like to note that I was astounded by the huge beer catalog. Something here for everybody. There is a very pretty outside seating area with trees and a garden but also a beautifully decorated inside space for those\nwinter/rainy days.\n\nPlease be warned that the place is not wheelchair accessible as there is a rather steep staircase right in the entrance.', 'Wide collection of beers, nice food, great service, good taste of music (mostly rock). What is there not to like?', 'I loved the music and the atmosphere of this place. Good variety of beers and very reasonably priced. I will absolutely be coming back!', "Great place for a summer escape and more. The variaty of beers it's great, prices are reasonable and the pub is equipped with both an indoor space and a yard. Fully recommended for anyone that enjoys beers or wine in a aesthetic place!", "It's a pub with an incredible mood and chill vibes, big quantity of beers and it's the only pub in Ioannina which makes it unique as it is. 💙", 'The best place to be if you are a Tolkien lover. Great choice of labels as well.', 'Fun, open, diverse, spontaneous. Smiling service, young crowds.', 'big variety of beers, helpful crew, clean place, a good spot to chill on the outside or on the bar, good music!', 'My go to neighborhood pub. Great staff great atmosphere.', 'A good cool place to get some cocktails', 'Probably the only after hour bar at Holargos area.\nCafé bar, almost all day.\nBeautiful interior decoration.\nNice interior, preferably for the winter season.\nComfy outdoor seating 💺\nMostly locals\nGreat dj music 🎶', 'This is a biased opinion because I regularly visit that place for many years now. It has a friendly atmosphere to have your coffee or drink with your company. Some nights the 80s mood on the decks can easily make you swing!', 'The Ploughman Pub is an "Irish" style pub, with a big wooden bar counter and very friendly staff. Ofcourse, they serve nice Guinness draught beer which is in my opinion the minimum requirement if you like to be called a pub.l, but you don\'t find very often in Athens. The beers variety could be better. There are so many great Greek option that they can add to the list.\n\nThe place overall is good, cozy, with great atmosphere and average prices. I would definitely go back again, but only to drink some beers because it needs some major improvements.\n\nThe music choices are a mess, they can try to keep a style at a time, find playlists online (it\'s so easy nowadays) or at least put some DJs and make thematic days, like Rock Mondays,  K-POP Tuesdays (XAXA), Thrash Thursday etc.\n\nLast but not least, the food was bad. It\'s really bad. No imagination at all and poor execution. I tried the beef burger, and honestly, I could easily give it back. Oily overcooked preboiled  french fries and indifferent burger breads combined with a plain beef burger.\n\nEdit:\nUnfortunately, my opinion after my second visit is worse. They brought us two glasses of water stained with lipstick, and when I asked them to replace them , they brought two other stained with oil. So now I question the overall hygiene of the place. I definitely won\'t go back again. Too bad.', 'Descent place with nice atmosphere. Kind and pleasant service staff. The music was good also. The only thing that cost the fifth star for me was the shortage or non existence of a Weiss bier.', "Five stars, no doubt. Visited so many bars and pubs in Athens and I can't compare it to any other place. After living in Kifisia for 8 years, I hardly been anywhere and now that I discovered this place, might become a regular here. Too bad I came at a bad timing because of the working hour regulations, would love to see how the night goes in this place.\nSo, off to criticism. Despite the regulations, the outside area had plenty of people. The prices were pretty on as well. Not a huge beer selection but it had all the ones I love the most. The staff was really friendly and down to chat, something that is pretty rare in other bars and pubs I've been to. Music was pretty chill but the server explained the reason. Usually it plays Rock and similar genres. Loved the decoration as well, gives you a proper feeling of a pub. Until next time I guess!", "It's pretty much the only pub in the area where you can sit down and enjoy your drink.\nIt usually has classic rock music playing in the background which sets up a nice atmosphere.\nThe prices are slightly picked up but still affordable.", "80's style bar with very nice music. The service is excellent and the staff very friendly. The atmosphere is returning you at '80's.\nIt is more for winter,as it gets very hot, during summer. Easy access with bus,on a central street.", 'Very nice place and very vintage', 'The real Athenian bar experience. Excellent drinks, music, and staff.\nDo not miss.', 'Wonderful staff, good drinks, good ambiance. Perfect place to catch up with someone or drown your sorrows.', 'One of the most popular places in the area and with good reason. Decent food, very helpful and smiling staff. What I like most is the location though. It’s trendy and classic at the same time. You’ll meet people of all ages and styles.', 'Always a service with a smile. Very nice food and superb coffee. Very fresh during the summer with huge outside air-conditioning 👌', "Nice mushroom risotto, but they took away the heater that was near our table and gave it to another group of people that arrived while I still had half of my plate full. ( I have to say that I eat fast) it was a really cold evening and I wouldn't have chosen to sit there if there wasn't a heater. When we were asked if everything was ok I complimented the food but complained about the heater. They said they will try to find another one cause they didn't have one at the time. They didn't.", 'Awesome cocktails, sweet music, great service.. one of the best in northern burbs and athens in general. Good looking people around all the time', 'Great and cozy for groups of friends.\n\nGreat DJ! Great barman (Mitsos)', 'Great beer choices. Tasty savory dishes. Affordable prices.', 'A huge variety of different beers for each taste. The place is nicely decorated (though we went when it had Xmas Decorations so it was extra decorated and festive). The food was decent. Will definitely come back soon.', 'A bit (over) crowded, Guinness & food were just right, quick & friendly service.Music was not bad (but way too overheard classic rock for my taste).Most probably the only decent option in the area.', 'We used to visit very often, and had the same menu again and again (specifically the “huge” pork schnitzel) but after our last visit I believe they changed something in the recipe.. it just wasnt as good as it used to be.. totally disappointed :( overall they have an amazing collection of beers to choose from and really big plates-portion wise- we totally recommending it. Enjoy!', 'The music levels are really high, so you have to shout at the person next to you to have a semi-decent conversation. Left the place with my wars buzzing.\nThe large meat portion was not enough for 3 people and had way less variety compared to other beer places in Athens.\nDraft beer was nice.', "Good place to hangout with family and friends. Friendly service and the beer options are wide.\nI'm glad my friend took me to Arch beer house.", "When you are looking for a beer house in Athens, you certainly don't miss Arch. A spectrum of choices in the beer menu is more than satisfying. Best case to try the drought choices. These guys know how to deal with meat in the kitchen. It is located on a pedestrian street and there are tables outside. Parking around the area is quite easy.", 'Nice pub / bar; spacious and atmospheric. The beer menu could be better with more selections.', 'Live music. Good prices. Fast service. Close to train station. Trendy and rockin people. Easy parking at night. Good coffee as well. Very nice decorating. Yes. I like. We like. My group like. And a variety of beers. Crowded in nighttime.', 'It is now self-service again... It has enough space between tables, so you can keep Covid-free distance. And it still keeps the great warm and welcoming vibe with the music and the beers we love!', "There is no place like this! Big barrels of draft beers and extra qualified stuff. Lovely wooden decor that gives the right impression for a pub. Sometimes the place organizes live music with bands of every kind and there's a section for playing darts.", 'It’s a fun little place that charm and plenty of outdoor seating (heated). The drinks were made well and the service was attentive. A nice local restaurant to catch up with friends, go out with large groups, or just have a nice dinner alone.', 'Really great restaurant bar in the area of Psychiko.\nThe food and service are really top notch albeit not cheap.\nI recommend the Kritharoto which was tasty and as spicy as necessary.', 'Wow what a great place, good, atmosphere!!!!\nGreat sea food\nThe seabas, the octopus and the shrimp was delicious\nThe cocktail’s unbelievable and the desserts ohhhhhh\nSee the pictures…. (Sometimes started before taking them…..\nMust return again', 'Very nice and stylish bar/restaurant in Athens. A bit pricey of course but interesting dishes and flavours.', 'Good rock music, good food, a nice decor, really friendly staff :)  The food and tap beers prices were ok , however, the bottled beers prices were 20% higher than other similar places. 1)Very few (2 or 3)  IPA  choices, 2) only 3 beers on tap, which are strange for a beer house.', "Having been inspired by a trip around Ireland some years ago, the landlord/owner has created a really pleasant place to have a drink with friends. There is a good range of beers available along with a few ciders. I'm no expert on beer so can't comment more than that but as a place for a drink with friends it's a very good local pub. They serve some food too but we didn't sample that", 'Good variety on beers and nice food. Prices are ok. Not cheap but not very expensive. Stuff is experienced and helpful. All in all a good experience', 'The place will benefit from a better kitchen extractor...', 'Been here dozens of times. A perfect combination of pub and brewery. Have tried more than 50 of their superb craft beers.', 'Amaizing beer from a local brewery!\n\nIt is in the area of Chalandri, it is not in the central market but very close and it is an absolute pleasure to try their own local brewery brand "Anastasiou"\n\nEveryone is super friendly and helpful, the beer is worth it and the atmosphere is top notch!\nYou will enjoy it', 'Excellent beer selection and in-house taps. Very friendly staff that are informative/knowledgable of the local beer scene and the rest of the world. Highly recommended for both locals and foreigners who are into beer.', 'Simply the best beer bar in Greece and one of the best in the world. Global selection, including many US micro-brews that are hard to find in Europe.\n\nIn addition to a wide selection of Greek craft beer, they have their own micro brewery on site, creating their own line of sublime craft beers on tap.', "Nice spot, well furnished, broad range of beers, having a dedicated menu only for beers actually, even though not every one of them is available on the menu. The service times are ok to slow at times, but the staff is kind and friendly. The prices are ok except from the food which can be expensive. It's one of the biggest places in the area so even though smoke is allowed the smoke wont really bother anyone.", 'Perfect place to enjoy your beer and food. Really cozy place and the atmosphere. Excellent service from the waitress top class!\nYou will see us again!', 'We ordered 3 of "Της Παναγίας τα μάτια".\nEvery one of them was different, missing ingredients (they didn\'t have bread and instead put pita) etc. Very disappointed', 'One of my favourite beer houses in Athens! Good selection of beers, friendly service, good prices, great ambience. They offer three litter beer for a great price. They also have decent food, recommending grilled meats platter and chicken wings.', "Great music, great environment, great staff & tasty food!\n\n80s/90s rock blasting through the PA. LOADS of beers & beer type food. From burgers to Caesar salad to Mix grill platers. The staff, very welcoming & friendly.\n\nIf you're a fan of beer & rock music, this place is THE place to visit in the North.", 'Excellent Food, Beer and Service at a very reasonable price! Meat platter was rich and tasty. Iron Maiden Beer. Approx. 25€ per person.', 'Super!', 'Love this place! Great selection of beers, friendly staff good food and amazing music.', 'I visited on the Friday the rygbi World cup semi final of England v Argentina was on. I was surprised that there were not many people there, as the last time I visited Gibraltar was 18 years ago. Anyway, good bar and good atmosphere.', "The food is what you would expect from an Irish bar, good but simple and I recommend visiting. The servers are friendly so don't be afraid to just feel right at home. Come in, say hi and be friendly, you will be met with a jolly reception, a good meal and a few strong drinks!", 'I don’t quite understand low opinions on this place. I ordered full English breakfast and Guinness. Food was great, beer also. Very friendly man on the counter. You can pay with card. Also great music playing inside. 100% recommend.', 'Go for the very good Fish & Chips for the very reasonable price of 8,5£. The Sheppard Pie was a big disappointment. The “rich gravy sauce” had to be asked for and it felt like Bovril broth thicken with corn starch. Add 2 pints of beers and 2 glass of wines for 20£ (expensive to me in vacation in Spain but maybe normal in Gibraltar), we were at 37£. Nice and typical English pub. Good service. Recommended ? Yes but with the reserves noted above.', "Very friendly Irish bar in the square of the Post Office in La Línea, just a few steps from the border with Gibraltar. Because of that, it has a very international atmosphere combining foreign tourists and expats, many of which are regulars you'll see enjoing their daily cider in the terrace (which has a misting system that's very useful in the summer heat).\n\nAnd don't miss their 3€ pints on happy hour Monday through Thursday from 5 to 7pm!", 'A fantastic Irish bar with should a great vibe. Lovely pint of Guinness, live sports on the TV. The staff are very welcoming and friendly. And the local customers are also very welcoming and chatty. Worth a visit.', 'Nice little bar and staff, Great place to watch sports or just sit and relax, be back soon.', "Bit 'iffey'! Went for first time (03.23) with high hopes, which were dashed on the floor of mediocrity. Irish booze and speaking English is not enough. Strange layout and very average staff. An activities and music programme would help a lot. I live local but its not gonna be my 'local'!", "The three owls is a cosy local pub (Not restaurant or wine bar, but a proper pub!) The bar staff are attentive and friendly. There 3 floors open on busier nights, with pool tables on every one. Drink is cheap but good quality and double doubles during happy hour are the best value in Gibraltar.  It's a proper pub!", "Excellent local pub, with the best Guinness I've ever had! And no, the beer wasn't warm.", 'Super pub, small and welcoming. The staff are great. If you want an old fashioned boozer in Gib with pool tables, go here.', 'Went in for lunch befor leaving for home . Had a Jamaican curry very nice .had to ask the staff what was in it as I am not to keen on nuts in my dinner lady was very helpful. Never had this perticuler curry befor so I did enjoy it so did my husband . Even though we where in a pub we where flying home today so it was coffees for us .Prices were very good .well worth going to in gib .', 'Mojitos were fine (lemons instead of lime?) but the staff was very slow even tho we were the only guests', 'An amazing Irish Pub, now I know why prople look for Irish pub so much. In this small town  of southern Spain where there is not so much people, all the pubs and bar was not as crowded as I see in other big or medium cities but in this particular bar it was overcrowded. People were dancing and moving their bodies with music all the time 😊', 'Had high hopes for watching the JINX live at Molly Blooms tonight but my hopes were dashed or maybe it was just a real jinx.\nAt last i thought a real decent Irish singing Band in an "Irish Pub" but the music was no more Irish than my local Salsa Bar. They may have been singing in English but it was hard to tell as they were so, so loud!\nI asked barman if he could turn the volume down a bit, but he looked at me as if i was an old fuddy duddy and refused, so sadly we left with a real bad taste in our mouths.\nIn conclusion; over loud, over playing and over here!', 'Irish pub that has Spanish women serving who hardly understand English, and have no Irish music on the sound system. Had to listen to modern Spanish pop music. Am going across the road to The Liffey Bar instead. Disappointing.', 'Great place', "Typical bar to go with friends to have a decent drink. Do it, if you know what you're going for. In this case, chatting and rambling about their own and collective existence and current affairs while having a good beer. Who knows, perhaps the cradle of a movement to solve current problems.", 'Lots of variety in drinks and beers, it is a cozy place with a good atmosphere. It gets very good when there are soccer games, since there are sofas with tables and screens throughout the place.', 'There is a variety of beers, billiards, table football, the style of the trocadero is vintage, super cool! Very good atmosphere, people of all ages. The best place in Algeciras!', 'Really cool British pub with live music at the casemates square. We enjoyed a perfect late night with some drinks and live jam.', "The first pub as you enter the walled area of Gibraltar through the Landport Tunnel is the Lord Nelson in the corner of Grand Casemates square.\nIt's got a lovely cool interior due to the Thick Walls and AC.\nOutside there's seating with shade where you can take in the ambience of Grand Casemates Square, people watch and possibly hear some live music.\nThe club sandwich and the Philly Steak sandwich are fantastic", 'One week ago, I had a nice evening at the Nelson. Together with some colleagues i went there to listen to the jam session and get something to eat.\nAll worked out well. We had a table, a waitress was friendly and fast, the food and beer was ok and the musicians played and sang not too bad.\n\nLast week it would have been a 4 star feedback and so I went there again tonight.\n\nBut today, I think I was in a totally different place. Same time, but not the same spirit.\nThe guy behind the bar was very effectively avoiding eye contact.\nThat other fellow, who fiddled around with some coasters, looked through me. Obviously, he did not consider asking a guest if he could help.\n\nOnly by asking that fellow at the bar after some waiting, I got informed that there is no food available tonight.\n\nI thought Germany has a reputation as service dessert, but this place tops it.\nSo if you want to play service lotto, try your luck here.\nIf you want to be sure to get food and service, better go somewhere else', 'Great pub, always come here when visiting with RN. Now on a holiday, still come here. Great atmosphere as always, great food and drinks and superb staff - Victoria is fantastic and tentative to all guests to the bar.\n\nBreakfasts this last week top line!!', 'Had a drink here a few times, and ate here once. Food was hot, but overpriced for what you get. Toilets are disgusting, and smelly, and need a complete refit.\nStaff are friendly, but it’s far from the best pub in the area. 👎', 'I usually post very balanced reviews but I am afraid I am struggling with this one. Pleasant enough staff at what looked a friendly and busy place. Plenty of space outside, if not a bit cramped inside. Anyway I usually take notice of the condition of the menu as although you don’t eat it , it does tell you a bit about the presentation of the business. On this occasion I did not. Neither did my wife trust her instincts having ventured to the WC. Neither of us spoke up and so we stayed. I had the fish n chips which should have come with peas (not mushy) and my wife had the Scampi again with peas. No peas turned up as they must have rolled off. the plate. We did however get a bland salad. The same could be said of the scampi, which my wife commented as being the cheapest and worst Scampi she had ever eaten. My Fish was also very disappointing. The one minor positive was that neither meal was massively expensive, less than £10 each. Nonetheless we would not eat here again having left this time very disappointed. Oh! Perhaps you could also throw away your chipped plates and tidy and clean the place up a bit. Based on this visit we would have to say avoid.', "Food was fantastic and at uk prices, lovely pub great staff, been drinking here since I was a young sailor in the 70's.", 'Cant understand the bad reviews - the food was excellent and the service was nice and engaged. We had a lovely time and would highly recommend to go here.', "Skull bar now? Weird place, skateboarding on the tv. Bright and again weird, but that's Gib. Open late", 'Lovely cosy little bar with super friendly staff, a professional pool table & darts board!', 'Lovely little bar tucked away just off the high street. Pool, darts and tunes all made for a fun night.', 'Staff are great especially andrea she has great conversation chats to her customers very friendly &you can watch the sport', 'Expensive fryer food. We knew to expect fryer food but the costs seem incredible for the tiny portion sizes and basic food. Definitely try somewhere else if you have kids.', 'Had read some poor reviews about this place but dicided to give it a go, it is what it says a burger 🍔 and dog 🐶 bar we ordered and must say were very happy with what we had good portion friendly staff tasted good cant say any more, so dont go by all reviews and give it a try.', 'Would not suggest to eat here. If you like sport venues - then just pop by for a drinks. Smallest Fillet steak in my life. And not clocked properly (Price £19.95!) Ribs looks good, but does not separate from the bone. So jut visually good.', 'Our favorite spot during our trip to Gibraltar!! They have Guinness very well poured and we love the whole scenario as well, all blue and full of life in the sea just beside us! Amazing', "It is a great place to catch up with friends or even watch sports if you're in Gibraltar. Good selection of food and drinks. In the arena as part of the casino complex", 'Very bad experience, service is really poor, lots of confusion with our order, no single apologies for mistakes.\nIn addition, we were tricked about 2x1 pizza offer which appeared to be not existing there. Better to avoid this place!', 'Good location overlooking the marina.\nIt’s usually quite busy so get there early if you want good seats. Stool, we were served promptly.\nThere is a large screen for sports events and the toilets were clean and modern.', "Very nice location. Ideal place to meet up with colleagues, and there's usually a multiple choice of live football matches during the weekday evenings. Drinks are reasonably priced with some great deals, and my experience of the food (I had a Grand Slam Calzone, Arena Burger and the Boss Hot Dog during my stay) was very good.\n\nI would agree with the people who say there can be a wait on food and drinks though, but that depends on how busy it is when you attend.\n\nDuring quieter times the staff were very swift and friendly with their service. However, it seemed to be a lot more disjointed when there was live music on, and it felt like they might have been slightly understaffed. I do know that this can tend to happen unless someone takes control of the situation.", 'Mainly outdoor restaurant on Casemates Square. We were tempted by the sign saying Homemade Paella. Sangria for £3.50 was all right. Seafood paella was a large portion (minimum 2 people) and quite quick despite being told it may take 30 min. But it was a little salty and bland. It had prawns and one type of fish I think.', 'Lovely food, price and most importantly  fabulous owners.\nGreat selection of food options and not pricey.\n\nWhen next in gibraltar I will definitely eat there again.', "I had way much better fish and chips in London then here also the other meal me and my friend were eating here was not good the fish was dry so the don't have a clue how to make fish in my opinion - prices are higher then in the UK - you also have to go inside to pay and WIFI was not working when sitting outside.", "Great paella 🥘\n\nDidn't get a picture of the food, this little guy however loved the squid from the paella.", "Sat down outside mid walk to take the weight off and have a drink. No table service. Had the mango tea which was a sugary water. Won't be rushing back.", 'This place is ok if nowhere else to go. Toilets are not very clean.', 'Staff fantastic to get on with\nHave a laugh with them an fantastic service thanks see you all again soon hopefully', "So excited to see Gibraltar is not bubble tea-less again! Really great bubble tea, lovely team and reasonable price. Especially love that they were happy to put it in a glass jar I'd brought with me to take away so I didn't have to use the dreaded plastic cup! My only ask would be to get oat milk in as I'm not a lover of regular milk. Either way I'll be back!", "Very much an Irish pub. I had the vegan burger, which was the best one I've ever had. Service was super. The seats were a little uncomfortable and the bathrooms were definitely bar bathrooms.", "Awesome place for a good dinner or breakfast.\n\nThe service is quick and very friendly, always up for a chat about whatever.\n\nWe got an Irish breakfast there which we thoroughly enjoyed, it was quite large meaning we didn't really have to do a lunch. Which meant it was fully worth the price it is.", 'Surprisingly the best food we had in Berlin! The nachos are honestly the best I’ve ever had and we all went back an extra time to get them again!\n\nGreat place for some cracking grub and to catch the football whilst your on holiday!', 'Good bar with lot of space and screens available to enjoy sports. We visited to enjoy cricket world cup finals.\nIt would have been better if there were more food and drink options. We all felt there were very minimal options.', 'We had the best time here, the food was great, especially considering the price. The atmosphere was fantastic, we came across a very lively group of people at a gig here who lifted everybody off their seats for a good bit of dancing. A night to remember indeed! Definitely coming back when I return to Berlin!', 'An absolutely amazing traditional Irish pub in a great location in Berlin. The staff are all super friendly and the service was great. There is a great selection of food with some great tasting traditional German options.', 'The pub is great, but the food I had was terrible. I made the mistake of ordering a vegetarian shepherd pie, which looked like it just came out from the freezer. The taste was bad, too salty, and not good flavours. It is a shame as the beers and prices are really good, as well as the service team. Would have love to come back as a regular, but the food is not worth it. It is clearly intended for the tourist coming to see Checkpoint Charlie.', 'Absolutely love it here. Highly recommended. A great pub with great atmosphere in the middle of Checkpoint Charlie. Very good prices and food pretty good too. Staff work hard and the Guinness is on point 👉. Thanks peeps\nSláinte', 'A good Irish pub to go for some drinks.  Thanks, bartender Alex for the great service and recommendations. I enjoy the atmosphere and time there. Good selections of long drinks and shots.', 'Great atmosphere, good beers selection 🍺\nVery friendly and nice staff 😊\nSnacks selection could be better but it’s not bad.\nYou can pay by card including Amex, great!', "I live in Steglitz since 2 years. I found this place at the beginning of my relocation. I loved it! The vibe, atmosphere, staff, food, everything was amazing. Unfortunately, last 3 months the staff strated to be rude. The bartender and a young gentlement are the only ones that can communicate nicely, and being helpful. I am not going to give description of those who are unfriendly, unhelpful, and forgetting that they are in service industry. Me and my partner decided to stop going there after he went there in the afternoon for a reservation, and being treated unhelpful, unkind (this was the last drop after many other rude attitudes when we go there). You are an amazing pub, beautiful kitchen, beautiful musicians. And first of everything, you are an Irish Pub. Irish people are the most kindest. Hire people who understands where they are working, which industry they are working in, and also respects the Irish Pub mentality. I am absolutely sorry writing these and our decision of not coming anymore. But I won't accept being treated like your staff do when I want to enjoy my time, and come there to get a service.", 'It doesn’t look Irish outside and then you go inside and it is like Dublin in there. Loved the wall decoration. Food is not super Irish Pub style, everyone were looking for spare ribs! Burgers were super and my salmon sandwich more than expected. I had a bit trouble finishing it 🙈\nService super. Waiter was awesome.', "Not great, machines for gambling at rear and attracts some odd folk. Service OK, but wouldn't return here.\n\nOnly 1 other customer drinking whilst we visited no vibe or craic", 'Friendly about very small bar, service is slow but with a smile.  I felt welcomed here and would visit again.', 'Good!', 'Great pub owner very friendly and put music on for us great time!', 'This pub has become a little tired in the past 17 years since I last visited. Conveniently located inside the Europa centre.\nApart from the name and a few Irish signs there was not much to make it Irish.\nThe beer was cold and went down well but higher price than other German bars. On my Visit the staff out numbered the customers.', 'Went there to watch fifa finale with my colleagues. The pub is hug with many different zones to sit and watch games on big screen. Beer was good and service attitude was appreciable. Will try to be visit again.', 'Atmosphere good, service very good.\nExpensive. Overly dark toilets. Found the place oppressive as no windows in a shopping centre. Disappointed at the Guinness, which was average at best compared to a normal British pub.', "Not a lot going on when I visited as it was mid afternoon.\nSome things stood out though. Barman can't pull a pint of Guinness and the prices. €7.50 for a Guinness is just a rip off, especially when its pulled like that. €7 for a bottle of non alcoholic beer as well.", 'Avoid this place, the owner will personally make sure you know that you’re not welcome. We simply asked if they were showing the IRE vs RSA rugby World Cup game (in an Irish pub) to which the bar staff politely said they’re weren’t. We thought, no issue we may as well have a beer anyway. When the owner was informed of our request, he sat near us to speak with a regular, quickly switched to English and proceeded to loudly proclaim that we were rude and he hates seeing unfamiliar faces. It’s such a shame because it’s a lovely pub and the other bar staff were so nice.', 'Excellent place, great beer at reasonable price. Great owner who is cheerful and friendly with an excellent taste in music. All premier league games are screened and there are some fantastic shirts on the ceiling', 'Cool atmosphere. Beautiful people. Angry barman. He can be a bit more polite and welcoming.', 'Great place, went there for an Arsenal game. The place has very friendly staff (rare in Berlin) and good prices. I shall return!', 'Guinness here is unreal, legendary and hospitable bar staff. Worth a visit if you enjoy a pint and a chat', 'Great spot. Great Guinness, great staff and owner who is Irish. Karaoke was great with great crowd 👍 will return, live music too on select nights, see website.', 'Nice pub with great outside seating and an actual Irish proprietor who is a good fellow. I wish to tell him that I meant to recommend the "Miller\'s Crossing" rendition of Danny Boy, which In my beer induced haze I had swapped for on raglan road from In Bruges. A grave error that he did not mock me for, a good fellow', 'Was here on St Patricks day. The crowd was great and the staff friendly, even though they had a lot to do that night.\nIn the back they have a small stage where bands perform somewhat regularly.\nIn terms of Irish beers they have: Guinness, Murphys Irish Red and hop house (bottle) as well as some ciders like Bulmers.\nThey also offered BBQ food in front of the pub but I think it is only around for bigger events.\nOverall a nice little pub to have a pint and enjoy the music.', 'Cozy, warm, friendly and fast. Delicious Shepard’s Pie (and Nachos!) and all the Guinness I could drink (with Cider or Port or Blackcurrant syrup too if you want the fancy stuff). Lots of seating inside and out. My fav Irish pub in Berlin.', 'Nice local pub with reasonable prices. Good option if you want to watch football. Food is ok, but nothing special (I tried burger and fish & chips). Service is friendly, but they often forget to take away your empty plates/glass and ask you if you want another drink. I have been here three times during my work trip and I would return back, even though it is not perfect, it has a good vibe.', 'Great drinks and delicious food, good veggie options as well! Nice vibe and friendly service :) we went there three days on a row during our visit to Berlin 😅 sometimes for a full meal other times just for a drink. They show football games and other sport events as well. Outside area is only open until 10 pm though.', 'Easily my favorite place to watch Premier League Football. The staff is great, the atmosphere is always good and the food is okay but very good considering bar food standards.', 'Nice atmosphere, friendly and fast staff. Good Irish pub with dedicated smoker room. Food is tasty too! Service outside starts in May.', 'A good pint of Guinness in a nice cosy bar atmosphere', 'Definitely the best spareribs in town!', 'I don’t recommend it AT ALL!!!\nDisrespectful staff, smells reallly bad, never seen such a bad ambiance.\nPlease try to stay away from this place as much as you can.', 'Nice pub and good choice of beer.', "Went on St Paddy's day and it was super packed. The crowd is very local and German. Highly recommended if you're sick of irish bars ripping off the tourists.", 'Great sunny place to hang out and enjoy fantastic beers and delicious food!', 'Best place to meet up with friends and watch football and join for pub quiz.', 'Awesome bar! Friendly service, delicious food and drinks plus the prices are very fair. The place to be for himym-fans!', "The bar is beautifully decorated and has an amazing atmosphere.\nAlthough our waitress was very nice our food took over 1 and a half hour to arrive! We ordered the food at 19:50 and received it at 21:30 after complaining 3 times. We have only ordered 1 burger and 1 plate of chicken wings, why would that take over an hour and a half? and we haven't even received any compensation.\nThe food comes in very small portions, my burger came with exactly 6 fries, definitely not worth 16 euros.\nIf you like How i met your mother you should definitely give it a try but my own personal experience was very disappointing.", 'The seats are bit tightly packed! The burger was quite good and filling! Burgers are available until 11PM only.\n\nMust visit place for HIMYM fan!', 'We are, a group of 10 friends come here, and I would like to share our experience. One of the male waiter - I am having two hands, i cant bring your all food together and said us shut up and fuq out of here when we are end up with our drinks, payed the bill, standing outside. Thank you for make us feel so daam good.', 'Great Irish sports pub in the middle of Prenzlauer Berg. We went there on Friday evening and the place was jam packed. We enjoyed a couple of Guinness here. They have multiple TVs inside where they keep playing football games. There is outdoor seating for people who prefer quiet time.', 'Good pub this. Guiness is as it should be and service is great. The landlord Rico goes the extra mile to make sure the customers are happy.\n\nOn a Champions League fixture night when several games ran concurrently he even arranged the screens and customer seating to make sure everybody got to see the games they wanted with sound...ad hoc and last minute without stress or fuss...such good service is rare.', 'Excellent pub for a Guinness and watching sports. The chips were excellent!', 'there is a very nice bar with democratic price for beer and cocktails and very friendly service❤️\u200d🩹🥰', 'Not tourist/foreigner friendly. Beer is about what you should expect from a pub, but bartender was rude and kept speaking to us in German even though she knew we didn’t speak it and had already spoken to us in English.', 'Nice bar around the corner, notting too special. I had a whiskey double (Jameson) paid around 7. The lady bartender was nice to us and very responsive. It is permitted to smoke inside, so it is up to you to decide if you like that or not : )', 'Axel is an incredible bartender and was incredibly accommodating. I just gave him a look and boom, like a magician, he slammed a new beer down approximately 10 times. I stumbled out of this place like a baby giraffe because of him. This bar is as the most incredible place I have experienced in Berlin. I HIGHLY recommend!!!!', 'Amazing Bar! The staff is so extremely sweet and let us party and joined us for chats. They are so nice and have great music taste. All love to them♥️', "5 stars for being open on a Thursday night in Zehlendorf, 5 stars for playing awesome (latin) music all night long, 5 stars for an awesome bartender and overall vibe!  If there was one thing, it was the restrooms, they could use some attention, but I'd definitely go here again!", 'Nice place, good beer 🙂', 'This place is the best, I come here all the time! Really good costumer service and drinks!', 'Shamrock red beer for my taste is really good. Atmosphere is also fine. Staff ok, Klo clean. Seat, drink beer, watch football and enjoy.', 'The environment was so cool. I also liked the music. We came across two very cool men too, which was delightful. Suggested for a night out with friends.', 'Proper pub no food. Ideal for old rock and rollers.', "honestly one of the worst experiences I have had in a bar. I am German so it's not like we were tourists and the bartender kept yelling at us and talking badly about us because we did not order enough drinks 'in her opinion'. then she proceeded to tell us we would need to leave if we did not order more drinks. very rude and unwelcoming atmosphere, would not recommend going there!!", 'Great dive bar, worth checking out.', 'We had a fun night at this dive bar. Affordable drinks and generally good atmosphere. The darts were probably the highlight of the night, even though I’m not good. Oh, and the bar dog that visited (though I wasn’t sure if they were a fixture or a one time visitor). The main drawback was that it was smoky inside (which may only be a drawback for me since I’m not a smoker)', 'Homey kind of place, reasonable prices and great atmosphere (the people)\n\nI was lucky to find a live band there, playing 70s and 80s rock ballads, it was amazing!\n\nService was good, but they were a bit on their nerves because of the crowd and loud music.\n\nDanke!', "Local bar with nicest prices. They have darts and pool too. Too sad the smoke inside quickly disturb if you're non-smoker", 'Probably the best pub in Berlin , they have the best waitreses, have the smile on the face all the time, so friendly place.\nThank you Marin for serve!', 'An authentic, atmospheric place for fans of Irish - Scottish tastes of beer or whiskey 👌', 'Great selection of Whiskey for a decent price. The atmosphere is also amazing, the nice folk music really sets the mood for drinking a proper whiskey. Highly recommended place!\n\nPS: the staff is very friendly and nice.', 'Good atmosphere! They have some darts, a pool table and a foosball table.. you can tell by how much fun were having 😁', 'Great selection of beers, very friendly staff and overall a very nice place. Highly recommend.', 'They made us pay 3,5€ for a glass of tap water without warning us that it was not free.', '', "My recent visit to Berlin Pub was nothing short of a nightmare due to the appalling behavior of the barmaid. Her hostility and rudeness were absolutely unacceptable, leaving us feeling disrespected and unwelcome. The barmaid's consistent rudeness towards us and other patrons throughout the evening tarnished the entire experience. I strongly advise against visiting Berlin Pub if you value basic courtesy and a pleasant atmosphere.", 'The place is so bad, the barmaid is so rude, unfriendly, aggressive, and not even trying to communicate with people. We sat for 5 minutes and she said "this place is not free, you have to pay and this is my place". We tried to communicate with her that this is not nice, but she kept insisting on her behaviour and didn\'t even apologize. We left right away after this incident, not recommended at all.', 'The atmosphere and the customers were brilliant. Mario was the best. Thank you for a brilliant nigh', 'By far the worst service I ever experienced in a pub. The bartender was super rude, probably even racist I would say.', "Pub quiz and chicken wings are great! Takes sometimes a while when it's really busy but it's a great place with a great atmosphere. Fish and chips were a bit burnt when I went but usually they are good! Can be a bit loud during the quiz so try not to sit in the corner because you will need to yell quite loudly", "The food is good and generous, the drinks are also good and somehow affordable. Parking in the surrounding at night is not a problem at all. The lavatories are clean. The service personnel is friendly and easy to understand. In all a nice experience but what I've missed and would have improved my rating is the music ! I suggest a typical Irish music or simply pop music in the background that would improve the general atmosphere... 😉👍🏼", "Even if you're not Irish you'll feel like you was. Very enjoyable place to have a good beer and tasteful food very beyond expectations. Even vegans won't stay hungry. Vegetarian food can be altered to match vegan and still tasty. Just talk to the ppl and enjoy!", 'A great place to be!! I ate here with the Auld Rogue Burger one of the best burgers so far in my life! Excellent taste and really spicy! The staff is great too, always available for a chat - thanks Josh for the marvelous service. And the ambience is great as well. And not to forget: they serve draft beer like it should be - with the creamy foam!  All in all, I love that place.', 'Beautiful little pub.. Irish only in name but very classy bar to drink and watch a little sports. Good drink selection.', 'Surprisingly good Irish pub.', 'Good Music and good Beer', 'Top', 'What a cute little hole in the wall we stumbled upon heading back to the train station. Had a few drinks and went on our way. Friendly staff and clean spot. It’s a must go if your in the area.', 'Guinessss beer , so thats everything you need , good old authentic irish atmosphere and decorations , small and cozy .', 'Good pub for a drink and chat, can see locals love going there for an evening chin wag.', 'Great beer.\nNice music and nice price.\nCozy and nice atmosphere.\nGreat place if you are into board games.', 'It was nice pub. With simple selection of finger foods. Fish n chips was nicely done although i kind a expect it with salt vinegar in a paper 😊 the burger, chips, chicken wings n chicken fingers were good as well. What make it great is that the hot sauce. It was self-made and had kick. I just couldn’t resist to add buldak sauce in it to make it spicier.', 'THIS IS MY ALL TIME FAVORITE PLACE! They also own The Bar Next Door. THE owners amd staff are AWESOME. You can watch Rugby and Football there. Along with live music, Karoake and comedy shows. They welcome table reservations. The food is reasonable and GOOD. Parking is not that great, so take the train. They are near the SchwabStr stop.', 'Quite nice place to have a different bear than what you can find in Stuttgart. Most of the waiter speak English so it is okay.\nQuite nice events such as open mic and so on.\nThey always have a different types of bear from time to time and a nice outdoor tables', 'Best pint of Guinness in Germany. Chill atmosphere with a great staff. My favorite stop in Stuttgart!', 'For my experience it was very very nice.  It so expensive, great food and basically there are not a lot of places to eat in this area. Stylish perfect, nice beer, I really liked absolutely all. Menu photos attached if you want to see.', 'I celebrate my Birthday there this year. When the waiter found this out, he put a Happy Birthday song for me! I love it!!! Definitely coming back!', "Good food, it is a different feel than other Irish pubs not as lively but given the location and most ppl are stopping by before the theater it's a great place for a Guinness and a bite. Good ribs and good wings, I'll definitely visit again. Great location!", 'Conveniently located, this Irish pub is just what the doctor ordered after a long day at work. With ample seating opportunities outside, it is one of my favorite spots to unwind in Stuttgart. Great selection of beers (and the food is not bad either 😁).', 'Super atmosphere and Services.', 'TOP👍', 'Perfect!!', 'Super', 'Beautiful Atmosphäre and great cocktais', 'Best Pub in Town !', "Didn't try the food, but the service is a 10 out of 10. The ambience is also nice, rustic and there is a pleasant atmosphere. Music is pretty modern.", "Music top. Drinks flop. Unfortunately, Mojito doesn't taste good. If you order a Calpi cocktail you get it in the size of a shot for a price of €6.50. Therefore only 3 stars.", 'Such a nice bar, ran by  lovely people, always made feel so welcome', 'This is a nice Irish themed pub, it does not have an Irish feel to it but the nice decoration, the friendly staff and patrons more than make up for it.', 'Extra nice place, very nice owner and the crew. Extra good Dunkel Weizen beer, and great atmosphere. What else do you need 😀.', "Good place for a beer. Owner serve snacks with drinks. Sadly, don't accept payment by card.", "We like the place very much and we like that you can smoke inside but you need to do something with the smoke and ventilation. Last time we couldn't breathe and because of it we didn't order the second round.", 'This is a fun place to eat. Good Food, good service, and a fun crowd of customers. The Staff really aims to please', 'Good beer and a very good service', 'Great community, but bad ventilation, ashtray smell', 'Wonderful quaint pub with charm and good staff. New people. Mixed average age.', 'Top pub, super friendly landlord and large beer selection at fair prices!', "Every guest suits me. Super Service. I'm always happy and try to come often.", 'Cozy little pub, good beer selection. Staff who know their job!!!\nbest in town', "It's been way too long since I was there. During my studies (around 8 years ago) I lived in Stuttgart and went to this bar quite often. Even today, 8 years later, I think of it sometimes. The place shaped my love for Whisky, good Schnitzel and an amazing atmosphere. Should I visit Stuttgart again, this place will be on my checklist for sure!", "Perfect Guinness, good value for food, just takes a while when it's busy 😊 service was super nice and the terrace is soo nice!!!", 'This is one of my favorite restaurants in Stuttgart. You are greeted with a big hello from all the staff when you walk in. Fast and friendly service. Plus they have an amazing Biergarten in the back.', "Really nice outdoor seating. The food was very tasty. Great place if you're not in a rush because the service was a bit slow.", 'Nice atmosphere, cool staff and great beer. Will go back definitely.', 'Awesome small pub near the walking district. Small but friendly service and affordable prices make more than up for it. A good pit stop in between bars.', 'Cool spot', 'Great, Alex the bartender was very nice 👍', 'My favourite place day and night in Stuttgart. Nice ppl hang around, service always friendly, the ambeint with the lighting and that painting on the wall always catches me.', 'First of all: Be aware that this is a bar where you are allowed to smoke. So not for everyone. 🚬\n\nOther than that:\n\nLove this bar - has a good vibe and in the summer time it’s nice to sit outside in the sun on the street. I recommend the white wine with sparkling water (Weißweinschorle). 🙌🏻', 'nice club music, shadowy athmosphere. drinks more expensive and cash only up to 10€. my drink not keyed in to cash maschine. :(\nLots of staff, no one smiles, very "cool"', 'Located a stone throw’s away from Rathaus U-Bahn station, this bar is underrated in my opinion as one of Stuttgart’s go to places for an after work drink or coffee. The interior is unique and somewhat comfortable with its massive carved bar and odd assortment of decor. It is smoker friendly for the cold winter nights but be warned the music can get a bit loud on some evenings if you would prefer a quieter spot to chat.', "Super cozy and great atmosphere, the boss is a great guy and it's always fun to come there", "I always enjoy going there...Kazo is the best!! )))we'll come over soon after the treatment... Greetings", 'Nice little pub, friendly service.', 'Nice atmosphere, nice friendly service', 'Non smokers stay away.\n\nRun of the mill bar but super smokey. I was in the place for one quick drink and feel like I smoked a 20 pack myself.', "Reasonable prices and friendly opening hours, great environment and entertainment. It would just be nice if the male staff were a bit more understanding of the girls, maybe it's because of the hot weather and being open all day, I'll understand.", 'Ambiance is nice but the service is awful, kitchen is non-existent and the frequentation is the opposite from nice people', 'Casually beet drinking bar.', 'Typical German pub, Allright but there is allowed to smoke inside so your clothes will smell like a pack of old cigarettes after your visit', 'Great whiskey bar! Sky sports and Halloween themed interior!\nSome would call it „urig“ :-)', 'Sybille is love. Sybille is life.', 'Very friendly staff and fair prices. The service is just great. Definitely the best pub in Vaihingen', 'Cool bar! Mixed guests from young to old! Two dart machines! Prices reasonable!', 'Super good for playing darts, having a drink comfortably. Bus stop within walking distance nearby. Otherwise a taxi will be called. Service friendly. And on weekends there are occasional special events such as karaoke or darts tournaments. Recommended. Only one point deduction because of the toilets.', 'Cool bar, really nice hosts.', "Been to the Phoenix for the first time and I'm thrilled. Cozy bar with good beer and a wide selection of spirits and cocktails. Very friendly operators and friendly audience. The vaulted cellar is a great location for celebrating. I'd love to come back!", 'Great place, a cozy bar with a gamut of drinks and a very good cuisine using fresh ingredients makes the stay worth the while. Topped off by friendly staff and a lively crowd this place is a highly recommended to spend the evening with good food and lots of beer.', 'Cosy little bar, central and nice drinks selection. We are mainly non-smokers so would prefer if there were no smoking room because the smokers usually smoke outside anyways', 'Great food and the waitress was nice!', 'I love this little bar. The inside looks very nice, and the servers are friendly. Only four stars because the mixed drinks (cocktails) are only average. But i still visit this place often!', 'A good sport bar.', 'Wonderful place. Wonderful service! Thank you!', 'Decent place, but lacking atmosphere and a weird layout.', 'Nice ambiente and music to my taste', 'It was a busy rainy night, everyone was inside everything was packed, because of the game , so the pub was packed, but we found a seat upstairs, the server was very fast to take the order and the food came out quickly and considering how busy and how crowded I have to say they did a very good job!  The Mojito was very good, the chicken wings perfectly cooked, with fresh chips/fries   great start to the evening 😃', 'We should have known when all the surrounding restaurants were full and this place had open seating on the platz. The service was average at best. The menu had Indian dishes that were not remotely Indian. The salvage were the beer and cocktails were actually pretty good. Have drinks here, enjoy the platz, and leave. Do not eat here!', 'As many others have mentioned, it\'s not a genuine Irish pub. The location is really good, and there is a TV outside to watch the football on.\n\nThe signal on the TV\'s would constantly go out, and you would need to chase down a member of staff to get it working again.\n\nFirst time I went, we sat outside and the service was pretty attentive - the food isn\'t amazing but certainly not bad. Pizza potentially was frozen.\n\nThe staff certainly work hard - they are always on the move. They do need to start actually acknowledging customers when they approach the bar to order a drink, or wish to place an order for some food. It only takes 5 minutes!\n\nOn my second visit I sat inside and noticed people having to ask for football games to be shown on the TV. I sat by the bar and tried to place an order for a beer, but was ignored. I asked one member of staff to place an order, and was told "yes I will come back". He never did.\n\nI went out of my way to get someone else\'s attention, but was told "please order at the bar". I then preceded to continue being ignored. I left 15 minutes later without a drink and without any food, and won\'t be coming back. Go to Scholars Lounge, it\'s only round the corner and a genuine Irish Pub.', 'It was our wonderful experience , It’s a ❤️ of Munich,Staff was very Friendly, Food  Was Tasty and what was the  Highest Point of joy….Was The Irish Beer.Don’t Waste Time and make your nice moments …Like a Nice Celebration.👍', "Kennedy's Bar offers an authentic atmosphere that keeps me coming back. The highlight undoubtedly is the impeccable Guinness beer they serve. It's become a ritual for me to enjoy its rich flavor every time I visit. The cozy ambiance complements the experience, making it a go-to spot for those seeking a genuine Irish pub feel.", 'If you want to spend some time in a crowded bar where you need to shout to while talking go to Kennedy’s :))\nIf you wanna watch football with your friends and get excited and pour beer over each other, Kennedy’s is a good option :))\n\nBUT for a chill evening and good beer I do not recommend here, the atmosphere is so live and beer doesn’t have the best quality, it is just normal.\nP.S. I’ve never eaten here, so no comment on food quality!', "Stopped by this place to rest on a sunny afternoon. There is a nice sized patio with plenty of seating. Later I discovered the entire pub is underground! Very cool! The decor is awesome and makes you feel transported to Dublin. It's a great place to spend hours. I tried the apple pie as I had already had lunch. It was great, way better than I was expecting for a pub with the presentation being gourmet level. The menu is pub food with some German classics so it has more variety than most biergartens in the city. Highly recommended for a visit while you're in Munich.", 'A nice pub with live music, beautiful decoration and nice people in the center of Munich!', "Awesome underground bar! The theme is famous scholars/writers with quotes on the walls. There are so many nooks to drink in, around the space, even a library room. The staff are great and make everyone feel welcome. This is not a velvet rope and list spot. Come as you are and be prepared to mingle! The bar was quiet when we arrived but got rowdier as the evening went on. The bar staff will take song requests and at one point all the patrons were singing along in an impromptu karaoke session. This place is open until 4am and we shut it down on a Monday night. I can't even imagine how fun it is on a weekend...highly recommended!", "Looking for an authentic Irish pub experience in Munich? Look no further. The barmen are from Ireland and give you the feel that you're in a pub in Dublin or the Irish countryside. The entire staff was friendly and helpful. Don't pass up the chance to take in a little of Ireland while in Germany.", 'The location and the interior is great and since it’s a bit hidden you don’t have your usual tourist around. The service is nice and attentive. The beer is cool and great, but for me to give five stars you need to use either fresh potatoes or a different brand of frozen fries and fresh minced meat to make your burger patties instead of frozen ones. In general, use less convenience in the kitchen, your guests will appreciate it!', 'Lovely, cosy irish pub in the heart of Munich. Great place if you want to enjoy your beer with your friends or even your date. On weekends it’s usually crowded but you might be lucky and find a table, I’d definitely recommend you to give it a go!', 'Such a cozy bar to watch sports!', 'Amazing atmosphere, amazing choices of Whisky, some are quite rare! Explicitly Recomended for Whisky lovers!', 'This place is a super fun and authentic Irish pub experience. Try the cheddar toast.', "Delightful place, very intimate and welcoming. It's an Irish pub but unlike pubs in Ireland this one has very cozy and warm atmosphere - it feels like being invited to a friend's living room. It's a small place but fits plenty of good people.\nThere is live performances often, totally recomended visit in this business neighbourhod.", 'Warm and cozy atmosphere with a really nice host.\nHad a pint of Guiness stout and a plate of the quitissential fish n chips.\nFish n chips was huge portion wise and plenty to go around for 2 average eaters.\nHand cut chips were crisp and seasoned just right.\nHead to the pub if you want to experience a slice of the authentic pub ambience, preferably in the evening after 8pm.\nWill certainly visit when Iam back in Munich again.\nFish n chips - 16.90€\nGuiness - 5.95€', 'Fantastic pub we visited today as we wanted to watch a particular English Premier League football game. Carol was incredibly helpful and found the soccer game for us. Great drink selection and great service. Really nice pub.', "Apparently you can't order a drink here without having a seat. You can't get a seat without seemingly booking months in advance. I'd been trying to ring the pub all week to try and book a table for a rugby game, but nobody picked up. I saw lots of disappointed customers having the same problem and having to leave. Whether this is a local regulation or a pub policy, it'd be nice to know in advance. Shame really, as it looks like a nice pub, but I suppose I'll never find out...", "Very Nice Shepherd's pie and excellent conversation with staff. After many days of German food this is a solid spot to grab a pint and chill.  Just go, Fish and chips was good as well!", "Had a night there with WestendComedy witch was pretty much good,the guys are funny.\nIll give 3 stars because of the service ,where beeing the only one at that time ordering both of the personal  just ignore'd me walking from one side of the bar to the other side of the bar acting like they work ,but sadly was not the case .So 10 min waiting for a beer(loosing seeing the half of the second part of the show) where maybe 20 pers. where inside and only me ordering at that time. Very weak guys ,especially the old guy with the beard giving you les change  from what you buy.\nThx.", 'Absolutely love the place. Considering other karaoke places in Munich which are next to non-existent this one steals the show.\nDecent food options.. good drinks options and always an enthusiastic crowd. The bar keepers are also very friendly and chill.', 'The best customer service we found in munich, a very friendly bar with helpfull staff and good prices. Even though it was the rugby World Cup and very busy we were made to feel welcome and were even able to watch the boxing later after the world Cup. I recommend this place to anyone travelling to Munich - also easy to find and not far from the s ban', 'Amazing atmosphere with delicious snacks. There are stand-up comedies there regularly', 'I love this place. It looks a little old and for some shabby but I love to come here. It’s like being back in the outback in Australia in the typically pub. Service is excellent and also the food is still amazing even after all this years. Good to do team nights out, celebrate bachelorette or bachelor parties and just enjoy the international atmosphere', "This is a nice Irish basement pub in the heart of Munich - Marienplatz area.\n\nWe went on a Friday evening. There was a live band playing English songs. Apparently, there wasn't anything Aussie about it. From the menu, to the photo frames and decor, it was Irish through-and-through.\n\nThe quality of food cannot be reviewed as only snacks was ordered. It was decent. We tasted a range of drinks from Guinness, Coke Weiße, cocktails to pitcher beers - all sehr gut!\n\nService was great (always a questionable experience in Germany). Order taking and billing was smooth.\n\nSince it's open till 2 AM, definitely a nice option for Friday night hangouts. And the atmosphere gets better with every passing hour.", 'A great place to spend the evening in Munich. They have great ribs and great atmosphere.\nAlso Thursday night is karaoke night.', 'I got harassed in the bathroom by the waiter!\n\nI used to enjoy going there for the Pub Quiz.\nBut today I had the worst experience I ever had in any restaurant/bar. We were just having fun during the quiz and were doing quite well.\nAfter some rounds I went to the bathroom for the first time during a quiz round and literally 2 seconds after sitting down in the stall a waiter (Andi) was knocking at my door and asking if I needed to take a **** every round. I felt really uncomfortable and just answered that it‘s my first time tonight and why he is even asking. Then he just started asking more questions like why he isn‘t hearing the pee-sound yet or why my girlfriend (I have a husband?!) went to the bathroom earlier. That‘s when I started feeling harassed and threatened so I asked him to leave. He just screamed at me that I am cheating the pub quiz and left.\nIn the end they disqualified us from getting 2nd place and weren‘t even open to answer our questions about the reasons for the harassment in the bathroom and about the disqualification. So even after having some nice evenings even though the quiz master (Hannah) was already being rude to us, I would not recommend this place to anyone anymore.\n\n(When leaving the place after all that (without causing any disturbance) we still got screamed at.)\n\nPS: I had to censor some words because Google didn‘t approve the original review.', 'Nice shop, nice people, just always great there! Sha la la la la la Folk Pub Munich', 'This is the most unnecessary and annoying club in Munich with a completely disgusting clientele. One star is still too many, but unfortunately there are no zero stars here.', "The Irish Folk Pub is the right place for anyone who likes to play steel darts. The people are super nice and even if you're new you get a friendly welcome. In addition to the regular training sessions, the tournaments are also a real highlight.", 'Playing darts is in the foreground. There are chilled drinks, but really only places to play and watch, no bar or anything. Anyone who likes to play their darts in a relaxed atmosphere with like-minded people is in good hands here. For dedicated players, the club offers the opportunity to compete in the competition every Thursday. Steel darts only', 'Really cosy place and not so busy as the Ratskeller. Enjoyed a few Hefe Weißbier and some snacks here Friday and Sunday evening.\nNot a lot of seats tho, so you have to be a bit lucky to get seated and in the busy hours.', 'Nice, cosy pub inside the "dungeons" of Rathauskeller of the gothic City Hall. Very good service staff! I enjoyed my Guinness. As it\'s in the cellar, there\'s no windows but the air is far better  than elsewhere. Very good air condition!!! I\'ll come back.', 'The best staff ever!! Spent all day here had some great food and beers but the staff were definitely the highlight! Also as a vegetarian, we don’t always have a great choice of restaurants. We didn’t expect to have as many delicious options as we did here!! Would highly recommend!!', 'Wow. A very British pub/cocktail bar, hidden in the city centre under the Rathaus at Marienplatz.\n\nI nice place to while away the hours,  shame it only opens at 3pm.', 'Nice and friendly.', 'Cozy quiet. Fits', 'Simply great', 'Great pub, very very nice staff, thumbs up and keep it up', 'Nice music, reasonable prices, hospitable waiters/owner and really nice to sit outside.', 'Great vibes, good and well priced drinks, and the bartender is lovely', 'Small but incredibly great bar. You can put music if you talk to the barista and have a blast. Absolutely recommend this place for anyone that wants to have a good time with a small crowd.', 'The bartender was lovely, when we needed another chair he fetched one for us', "Sorry to do this sad review, but I have to share the experience with other people. My friends and I just had some food and beers at The Keg this evening, and when we asked for the bill. We were asked to pay for 18 helle beers. We were shocked! Our friends already paid for their 4-5 beers and food they had, and that was correct. When the rest of the bill was to be paid, he said another 18 beers were drunken... This was ridiculous, and the guy said this must be a mistake as well. He then went to ask the other staff to check, and after a while, another female staff member was sent to help us. She asked us how many beers we would like to pay for, and we told her 5 for our friend, and then she still wanted to charge us for 18 beers in total. It's crazy that she wanted to charge us for beers that we didn't drink. In the end, we said this was not honest to her, and we paid the bill and left. Just want to advise other people to check their bill before paying, and I hope this doesn't happen to others. The first staff member knew there was something wrong with the invoice, but the other female staff she just didn't care. I hope this will help others not to experience this situation.", 'Great bar in the heart of Munich. I went on a Saturday for drinks with a few friends. Prices are great for food and drinks. Great variety of beer and shots. Also, you can okay darts and watch all sorts of sports games - they have many TV’s. Overall, great vibes. I can really recommend stopping by for a pitcher of Tegernseer Beer ☺️', 'Great place in the center of Munich to hang out with friends or go on your own. Great variety of shots and beers to choose from compliment the friendly staff. Specially Wembo! He’s incredibly hospitable and me and my friends enjoyed his humor very much.', 'Great for NFL games. Get there early. Go Chiefs!!', "We called Harry's our Cheers cause after 1 day we met the whole family and they knew our names lol Great atmosphere. Everyone was so friendly from the owners and staff to the other guests! We went almost everyday we were there lol they even played our football game at 2am for us!!! They go above and beyond! And the wings and pizza were delicious too!!", "When we were staying in Munich a few weeks ago, it became our go-to bar. Not 2 nights are the same, but the service is always the Best! A very cosy bar, but we've also been able to dance the night away, or play darts\nWe'll never forget the amazing customers and staff we met there,  and any time we are back in Munich, we'll be sure to come back!!!", "Came to munich for Oktoberfest and stayed for Harry's, great staff made you feel welcome form the moment you walk in, amazing pizza and JACKIE COLA", 'In town for Oktoberfest and popped in to watch the Bayern v Man Utd game. Everyone very friendly and Staff were great.', 'Very good', '', '', '', 'Chill place with good beer. Not to crowded. The waiters seem kinda uninspired and just threw the small plates for our glas on the table like the really didnt want to be there and couldnt care. The waiters didnt wear their uniform with pride. But the place and beer was nice, and i would recommend you to stop by for some cold beverage. No place to surf and no music to feel jazzy. A wooly fake flower on the table, either mr.lowenbrow isnt a flower person or korona grabbed a hold of his Wallet', 'Warning! Very bad service. We went in and sat down at a table. No attention from any of the 7-8 serving for a long time. Had to ask for the menu. When we then wanted to order, no one wanted to take the order, but they just referred us to someone else. After a while we went and complained to the head waiter at the entrance. Instead of trying to save the situation and apologize, he started questioning us and what we experienced. They must find it difficult with customers who disturb and want to order. It was not a nice picture we got of Löwenbräu. So we will definitely drink other beers in the future and will not visit their biergarten again. Goodbye Löwenbräu!', "But the Wiener Schnitzel still needs to be practiced. Otherwise it was ok. The service was quick. But I would rather have a fresh schnitzel if I have to wait longer. I probably won't come back. sorry", 'Fantastic and typical German restaurant, you cannot miss trying beers, sausages and knuckle.', 'Top!!!', 'Top', 'Supper service!!', 'Totally rustic pub, great music, nice guests, great service.', 'Good beer, good atmosphere, good prices!', 'Very good service!!', 'Cash only!', 'Gut!', "Ory Bar in Munich is an absolute highlight! I gladly rate it 5 stars.\n\nThe cocktails are simply fantastic and offer an impressive variety of flavors that are a must-try.\n\nThe Club Sandwich here is undoubtedly the best I've ever had - a true culinary delight!\n\nThe atmosphere at Ory Bar is surprisingly relaxed for such a high-class establishment. You can still enjoy your privacy even when it gets a bit crowded.\n\nDespite the slightly higher prices, Ory Bar is the best bar in Munich for me, and I highly recommend it to anyone seeking a great time with fantastic cocktails.", 'When we visited this time the staff was very friendly and attentive but this has unfortunately not been the case on previous occasions. The location is nice, the drinks were great and we got some complimentary snacks.', "so this bar is wonderful bar in whole munich. nice music, ambience, staff, and people all around. Delicious cocktails and delicious salads (Cesar with chicken) and the huge club sandwich is mega, super large portion, we can't classify or understand the few negative reviews at all. but they are definitely and please excuse the stupid simple locals people. the place is upscale here. We say thank you and see you soon dear team!", 'Superb hip bar located in the Mandarin Oriental. It was pretty packed on a Tue evening, so we sat at the bar. They have an amazing selection on whiskies- including some rare Japanese whiskies, which we tried.\nA must visit place while in Munich.', "One of the best Irish Pubs outside Ireland and the UK. I've spent many evenings there that turned into late nights. I used to come here often when I lived closeby, but now that I live in Berlin, I plan my visits to Hamburg in a way to make sure I have the time to go there. Guiness is always tasty and there's a great food menu as well, including many vegetarian and even vegan options. Super friendly staff. Absolutely gorgeous interior and clean facilities.", "One of the best places to visit in Hamburg for some very tasty home made shepherds pie, washed down with the best Guinness I've tasted. Add the friendly staff and great atmosphere and you'll be wanting to come back here every day for your Guinness and proper good fix.", 'great drinks, great food! the employees are amazing, had a wonderful time talking to the short haired irish girl at the bar!!', 'We were a walk-in of four today and we were greeted by very friendly staff straight away. We all decided on the steak and whisky pie, which was superb. One of the best pies I had in Hamburg, let alone Germany. The pastry was fluffy and tasty, the chips were really good too and the best thing is, they got malt vinegar. Drought beer is always a treat and the sticky toffee pudding we had for dessert was devine. Again, the staff was super friendly and joked around with us, gave us great recommendations in terms of the menu and was just always there when we needed them, without having to ask for them. The cozy pub atmosphere just made all the better and we just felt right at home. Will definitely come back and would recommend 10/10.', 'Incredible service!!\nMe and my friends went with the hope of being able to watch the South Africa vs Ireland rugby game. The bouncer, a literal angel, found us a place even though they were fully packed. Honestly the atmosphere was MAGICAL and I am really happy that we went. Would recommend if you want a cold Guinness and a sport match!', 'Was amazing! Good customer service and nice ambience. It’s a must visit for football lovers', 'Great night out. Good choice of various music genres. Great choice of drinks. Reasonable prices. Me and my best friend and I had a great time. Danced most of it. No trouble and looked after by staff.', 'Went to this bar on 8/9/23 was overcharged more than twice what  we actually ordered .we had five drinks were charged for 15 .plus we arrived at 15:45 left at 19:42 so technically impossible for us to drink that amount anyway . Found out it also happened to another friend when I told him. Disgraceful practice won’t be going there again only found out when I checked my receipts days later as had to make an expense claim with airline when flights were cancelled.', 'A nice Irish Pub, as it should be 👍', "Good Irish pub with a great atmosphere. I rate these places in the quality of their Guinness naturally and this place didn't disappoint.", 'Proper pub. Not too big or small. Good staff,beer and live music.', 'Sports and live music. Not particularly Irish. Cash only.', "Great pub! We watched a rugby game on the big screens, had good food and fantastic drinks. Took some time to find the entrance though. Love the staff - there's no pushing around if it's crowded, they just patiently wait until you're settled and still you don't have to wait long for food and drinks. After rugby, they had some good live music. So I will definitely come back 😉", 'Great price and atmosphere! I was quite fill with one burger and potatoes.\nAnd there was love music that was surprisingly nice.', "The Atmosphere is Great but this Pub 🍻 is Horrifically Expensive \U0001faf0.  €4.50 for a little cup🍵of watery coffee ☕ is too much. I won't Go back. :(", 'Ideal place if you want to watch football. Kind enough to put France v Scotland game for us. Busy for a Tuesday night. Good tunes too', "Absolutely amazing place. Sensational vibes. Just don't play the land lady at connect 4!", 'It’s such a great pub. So happy that it is open again after having to move. The beers are really lovely and owner and staff are really nice. You always meet nice people in the Shamrock to talk to. Music on Fridays is always really cool. The quiz on Thursdays is good fun. Can’t wait to visit again.', 'Fantastic pub, good beer, very friendly and welcoming owner, staff and locals. We were staying just round the corner last weekend and ended up in here for live music on the Friday and also Sunday after the St Pauli match - very convenient. Highly recommended. Mark, Lorna & Jack.', "We had a great night with Gerry and Lindsay.\nThe pub quiz was on and there was a great atmosphere. The pub quiz was well organised by Sabina who made it fun and entertaining. Guinness was very good, can't wait to go back again. Best of luck lindsay 👍", 'Nice atmosphere and good rock music. Cider, Guiness, Kilkenny, Murphys and other irish beers. Also cocktail for a fair price.', 'Best pub in Harburg❤️ Totally worth the visit if you love Irish Beers. Great Service and Great live music', "Lovely pub. Nice atmosphere. Good pints, an a decent number of whisky, both Scottish and Irish. The pub is mostly below ground and there is no WiFi, donuts perfect for having conversations without your smartphone distracting you. Love it, I'll be back next time in Hamburg.", 'I have been visiting this bar for the past 4 years and it never disappoints. The live music is amazing along with the beers (Guiness, Kilkenny). The only disadvantage is the space. Sometimes the bar is full and there are no seating places. On the ambience and service scale, I give this bar a thumbs up!', 'Homies be working at an Irish pub and have no clue how to pour a Guinness. The pour was finished in literally 10 seconds! At least go halfway and let it sit…. Tragic. But pretty nice joint off the Reeperbahn', 'Was quiet had good of range of whisky.', 'Pub is really good. There are 3 dance/music places. One is outside which is like club style, inside second floor is about live music, inside first floor is about pop, hip hop and latino', "If you are a man and come here without jeans, maybe you can enter the pub or not. Be prepared. If you're a woman, you can probably come as you want. Don't forget to have the police at your speed dial. If you want to enjoy your evening, just go to any other pub in the street, you're going to have a better experience.", 'great live music, good drink prices, went on a thursday and was okay astmophere, probably better in the weekend', 'Great live music and a good vibe. A little to crowded at times but we had fun here last night.', 'Nice bar, live music, older crowd and lively around 11ish', 'Great bar in Hamburg. Love bands Great atmosphere', 'The food was a bit oily. The atmosphere and staff are super nice & friendly. Good beer too 🍻', "Always a good experience. The whole staff is really nice, they have great beer and cider, and the food is also pretty good. It's a really cozy place with good music but not too loud, so it's a great way to spend the evening with friends.", 'One of the most unique, charming and hospitable places you can imagine.  The staff and owner go to great lengths to makes sure every home-cooked meal, game and/or pint come with a smile and unforgettable experiences.  For locals and internationals alike, like stepping into a different world - if you want to make memories, this is your place.', 'Great place! Good selection of food and beer!', 'Excellent pub. Great beer on tap. Holsten  and Hamburger Elbeperte. What a wonderful time. Such lovely staff. Andrea was so very kind and helpful. Because of Andrea we will be back again.', 'Great little locals place, great beer, good music, stools at the bar ..bliss😄😎🤣', 'A really good find, ideal for a quiet drink or two before getting on a late night bus. We had a 3 hour gap between train and bus in our travel plan on a Sunday evening. Cash only.', 'What a great place to have a few beers. The service was great, the beer was good, the atmosphere was brilliant. I cannot recommend this place more. Small and cosy.  You would be mad to go anywhere else.', 'Great place with great variety of beer and reasonable prices. There are some special drinks too, which I can only recommend. They often stream sports events and there is the possibility to sit outside.', 'Nice local bar, no food only drinks. But youre allowed to eat takeway food from the neigbours inside.', 'Great beer. Nice people. Recommend!', 'Top', "It was March 2022, when Europe opens after covid. As an Asian Chinese, I felt most welcome by Angie to have my Guinness. It's far more comfortable than Murphy's nearby.\n\nSo I am back again... soak in...", 'Really nice vibe here and the bar staff are lovely. You can smoke inside & they have toilets which you don’t have to pay for! Good selection of drinks and a fun boxing machine. They normally always play sports games & you can ask for something specific to be played. I’ve been here a few times and have always had a great time.', 'Very busy gets packed quickly', 'One of my favorite places in St. Pauli', 'Super Drinks, top Personal 👍', 'Great staff and good selection of drinks and food available and very reasonably priced as well', 'Rudest and not cool bar ever in Hamburg  and it worst Irish pub ever. Even I would be a lepricorn they would recognise me', 'Lovely place, nice atmosphere and quite good food!', 'A very authentic pub where you get the true english atmosphere from the owner but also lovely beer and the best curry in town. When you are inside it feels like you were sitting in a cosy living room.', "I had the pleasure of visiting this fine establishment last night (22/03/2023) and had the most fantastic time because of the atmosphere, the beer and of course the people! And whilst I didn't try it, somebody I was with had the curry and it looked and smelt to die for.", 'Always a pleasure!', 'Great English pub with authentic vibe. They make you feel like a family. You should check out live music on Thursday:)', 'Great bar, lovely friendly staff and big outdoor space for when the sun is shining. They have screens outdoors for the football and a great British Pie place called Cheeky Pies right next to the pub.', 'Bartenders are super nice! Drinks are good too.', "The pub is full of cigarette smoke. As for food, it's a booth just outside, so it's probably a better option for summer if you don't mind eating on the street. Also, we went there at dinner time, and most dishes were already sold out. It's probably better for lunch.", "Good times findig the place since they don't have a sign outside.\nInside nice atmosphere and good drinks. Around 12 pm the place got too crowded and we left.", "The price for an Aperol Spritz was advertised at €5.50. For us stupid tourists we were then charged €8.50. When asked, they only said that the cards were still old. That's definitely not how it works!", 'Great something away from the hustle and bustle of the Reperbahn. Very friendly service. Pleasant conversations with the owners\nOnce again a big thank you to Shariff.', 'Great bar. Here you can meet friends and have fun.\nThe owner organizes regular events, so it never gets boring. There is the opportunity to play darts on site. Slot machines are available.\nAnyone who asks usually also has the opportunity to play their own music on the system or express their wishes.', 'Best shop to start an evening in the neighborhood. After the renovation, the store just looks great. You can enjoy your drinks in a great ambience and a great location near the Reeperbahn. The owners are always up for a chat.', 'Just a basic 4 chords bar. Musically low level but entertaining.', 'Amazing bar with live music and great bartenders. The acts vary every night, but the quality of service never falters. Always great for meeting friends or just enjoying a night out. The prices are very reasonable and the acts are always well chosen for the atmosphere', 'Nice place, have a live music in the week and good Beer recomiendo Menphis red', 'Great live Musik 🎵', 'Not full, the lady at the balcony Always with a smile. The Good old proletary bar. Honest prices! Just go....', 'St pauli pub. Brilliant\nCheap beers and very friendly staff. Worth a visit. Went for a drink and spent 12hours there watching football.\n🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪', 'I love this bar. Good and authentic. The music is also great.', 'Excellent St Pauli Celtic Bar well worth a visit', 'Amazing service. I was in the mood for whisky, but not in the mood to choose. I asked the bartender, Lucas, to pick me a whisky and he then asked me if I had eaten dinner already. I thought he was wanting to see if I wanted a food menu, but he was actually asking to better pair the whisky based on what I had recently eaten. Was not expecting that. Very knowledgeable about whisky and great service. If you are in Köln stop by for some good whisky.', 'Went here to wash down the revolting kebab we had, spitting distance from the hotel and one of the few bars open last midnight this side of town on a weeknight.\n\nMet with a warm welcome, spoke butchered German to each other and got Zwei Guinness bitte. As we were waiting there was a stag group in there who were sat in a group of five that became ten that became fifteen and at that point the manager told them to go away.\n\nIt takes some confidence to tell a clearly intoxicated group with priors to leave, but the way they behaved on the way out shows just how right he was to get rid of them.\n\nFrankfurt is largely ruined by stags in small pockets, much like Krakow, Budapest and other European cities the best man books it with no thought or knowing where is actually good to go so they gravitate to these bars and feel like they can smash everything and fix nothing.\n\nA nice Guinness though, lovely service (for us) and fun to see the same distaste for poorly behaved, embarrassing stags abroad is pretty consistent.\n\nWould go again.', "The bartender didn't seem cool with a bunch of us, even though the bar was pretty empty. There were about 10 of us trying to grab a drink, but he was super rude. In the end, he straight up said no to serving us. I don't get why he's so against a group. Maybe racist attitude?", 'Nice little Irish pub, reasonably priced but quite small. It gets very busy when there is football or rugby on the screens. Staff are friendly and the beer was good.', "I have been there for a drink since, according to them, 23h10 was already too late to order food.\n\nThe environment is cool, nice spot and bad staff. It took us at least 20min so they would take our order + 10min to direct us to a table, and the place wasn't even crowded.\n\nIt is a pity, maybe I would return in the future and edit this note.\n\n----\n\nAlmost one year later, I came back. The food is ok and they improved the staff. From 2 to 4 stars.", 'Karaoke nights are very fun at this place! They organise everything very well and the ambience is really nice and friendly. Make sure to get your song request early as the queue fills up quickly!\n\nAlso the food and the service are great! I would definitely recommend anyone to check it out if you are in Cologne!', 'I popped in to try it and got a great night in return. A wide selection of cocktails, local and Irish beers, such as Guinness, and good food. It was kareoke night so the people were a but lively but it was a fun night!', 'A real pub atmosphere! Both the interior and exterior are quite spacious and well decorated. The service is extremely fast. Prices are average for a place like this. There are also many screens to watch football matches.', 'Superb a real pub!! Very good atmosphere, with a gaffer of the highest caliber. Not to be missed with real ale (bottled) on sale as well as the usual choices on draught.', 'There is no food but you can order from the pizzeria next door, and the owner and the staff are super cool', 'Okay-ish to good Guinness, pleasant staff & atmosphere. We liked it, thanks for having us folks! 😋🍺', 'Friendly pub with good selection of drinks and cool staff .', "The best (maybe the only?) local spot to get Guinness & Irish beers. They host events like trivia or bingo in English and also have live music on occasion.\nStaff is always friendly and helpful, even when they're super packed, like during SudFest\nI think the other reviews have pointed out, don't go there if you're hungry. Go there to drink :)", "No food (bartender said they don't serve food), no coffee (they run out, they said?). Sparkling water with scotch was served in the bottle, no glass. The snacks (crisps and peanuts) are brought to the table in supermarket bags, no serving bowls. When the next round was ordered, they didn't bother to take away empty bags from the table. The place is very relaxed but the service is below any expectations. Would I recommend it to anyone? Never.", "We were there during the Easter holiday. The staff is very friendly, but when we ask for some snacks, they bring them in bags, not in dish, like in most of the places. Maybe this is the German thing, or maybe it is the policy of the Pub. What i notice is that a lot's of students are coming to this pub. Overall, it is ok, but i will not come back again", 'The beer and cocktail selection is outstanding.  The food is great and reasonably priced.  Atmosphere was great although I would like them to okay more traditional Irish music. Did remind me of a pub in Ireland recommended.', 'I was positively surprised as I visited the pub! First off all it is a great team, which makes you feel that your evening is going to be amazing by providing a great service )) There are several sorts of beer and not only dark... again, good people, great service and nice location', 'Went there for a burger and I regret it, I got an old bun and an over cooked patty.. the burger was horrible and expensive.\nOn the other hand, the pub is great place if you go for a drink, good people and great atmosphere. So maybe eat the go :p', 'Nice Guinness & nice Service even if unexpirienced.', "Great pub with a lovely atmosphere. Staff are always great, if Charlie is in, you'll get along with him.", 'A cozy bar with great music and ambiance. Surely it’s loud during live music but you have an amazing upstairs to sit, relax and talk. I tried 3 different beers 🍻 and they are just okay. They are not strong/taste in the way they supposed to be, also compared to other Irish pubs in the town. I visited on Saturday and I felt like pub is over loaded but it’s okay that’s how an Irish pub should be. Prices are okay being located at the Center of the city. Overall great experience, beer could be improved.', "Irish pub with one of the rudest barmen I've ever met. Absolutely packed as they had live music which was really good and certainly bringing in the crowds. Real shame as it seems like a nice place but the guy behind the bar didn't even have the basic concept of good manners or customer service, just plain rude. We didn't have more than one drink as we didn't like the lack of manners.", 'Best Irish Pub in Town. Awesome live music every Weekend. Atmosphere is Always great. Its a small place, so it becomes full quite quick.', "It's a really nice cozy Irish pub hidden in a corner street. Really good music and nice vibe. Good enough collection of drinks to get you going, but be aware...they accept only cash. Other than that little inconvenience, I really enjoyed the night with little exchanges with other visitors.", 'Perfect chill pub experience. Staff was friendly, helpful, and just generally awesome.', 'The owner is so nice, authentic and familiar. It’s just so welcoming here. You can play darts which is a big plus and enjoy Irish beer (they also have Kölsch oder Cider). The owner speaks English but he also understands German. There’s also good music. Five stars!', 'A fantastic proper pub in the heart of town with a landlord who absolutely knows how to run his house. Highly recommended if you just want to go and have a nice pint in a nice environment, and not be subjected to the usual nonsense of loud music and sport on the TV. Go for a drink and leave as a friend.', "Hi Ciaran, nice to know you're still there. I've had many a fine evening at Buskers and should visit you sometime. I'll try and give you a call one day. PS: don't have the VW camper any more!\nMe wearing a green tie!", 'Fantastic pub, great Guinness and the bi-weekly Irish Music Sessions are fantastic.', 'Nice bar with lots of tables to sit. Some darts boards and a good selection of drinks.', "The best Irish pub in Cologne. Four experienced Irish drinkers loved this place. Very very friendly manager/barman. If you're Irish, come here!", "Good bar with even better service. Staff were good fun and made us very welcome. I'd go here all the time if I lived nearby.", 'Bester Laden ever.', 'Top !', 'Top', 'In the meantime, the pub has been taken over by Italians with prices about the same as e.g. €1.50 for the Kölsch. Some guests have left 🤔.,\nIf you like coffee you can drink a good coffee relatively cheaply here; a classic to make is always available.\nNice host with a nice crowd and cheap Kölsch prices; 1.20€\nThe price has increased by ten cents and is now €1.30.\nThis price also applies to various schnapps (Korn, Grüner, Kabänes, Ouzo, ...).', "We ordered champ burger, it was enough for one person. We couldn't even finish the large size french fries. Prices are a lil bit overpriced overall. Other than that it has a nice ambiance", 'They could focus more on showing different sports in different corners. You have to ask sometimes to watch nfl but the place has American football decorations all over the place. It says online they show the game and then they only do it because you asked 3 times.', "If the weather is too hot def seat outside otherwise you're gonna have a great time but you're gonna feel like in a sauna", 'Nice staff, good food. Here you get Burgers, wraps, salads and grill meals + there is always a game to watch: soccer /NFL /NBA', 'Fantastic store and tea room. Very friendly and knowledgeable staff.', 'Fantastic fresh scones and carrot cake.', 'Top', 'Great selection of coffee and tea, delicious sandwiches! You have to try the whiskey cake in particular.\nBoth inside on comfortable sofas and on the terrace you can enjoy a whiskey or two and have nice conversations.', 'Fresh kölsch and a brilliant atmosphere. A great place where everyone is made to feel welcome, whether you want to throw some shapes or just sit down and relax. Last but not least, the wonderful staff went out of their way to reunite me with my lost property. Thank you for a fun night and a lot more besides that. Viva La Latina!', "Sorry, but this club fails to have anything comfortable. The music is nice given that you're a reggaton fan, if not, then you'll be bored.\nIn addition, just out of a sudden they decide you're not a fan anymore, and they kick you out randomly, even though you have not started anything...", 'Predatory owners. Went in and paid for 6+ people to be told there is no more space in the cloak room for our jackets. Immediately asked for our money back after 2 minutes and we were forcefully removed without getting our money back. Would avoid.', 'I did the line, asked to go in. I don’t speak German. I am Latin. Didn’t let us go in and didn’t give us an explanation. Terrible service wouldn’t recommend any person that looks for a Latin place to go here. Non welcoming. Don’t go there.', 'We ended in this heavenly place by pure luck. Geraald, our BierMeister taught us about the different Kölsch beer and showed us new varieties to add to our repertoire. He also advised us on what to see and where to experience the full Cologne Experience.\nWe will be back for sure.\nGreetings from Erika und Juanjo, from Madrid!', 'Best place to go and grab some drinks with friends!!! Stuff is very friendly. You can sit outside until 12 afterwards you must go inside since they close their outside sit area.\n\nIt’s one of the best places to go to in cologne!', 'The drinks were very cheap compared to what you find in England. The place was cozy, the staff were all friendly (shoutout to Haraald, sehr nett)', 'Nice beer and a busy location to people and car watch\nSurprising lack of bars where you can get draught beer and sit outside. Plenty of bottle places', 'Open late good price drinks', 'The waiter was very friendly to us and the drinks tasted good too. Overall, I went in very satisfied and left exactly the same. I recommend it to everyone', 'In short, a really nice Irish pub! It was really fun, the atmosphere was really good and the music was playing too! The service was very nice and the drinks were freshly tapped! We played another round of darts, all in all an evening that will definitely be repeated. Gladly again! 💪', 'Quaint pub with typical food and drinks, the service is quick and friendly. When the weather is good, there is also a larger outdoor area where you can easily find a spot. Will definitely come by again.', 'A decent Irish pub experience. The server situation is unique as you never knew who was the actual server as different people constantly came by. The food was satisfactory and the beer was cold. They had a quiz night on Monday while we were there. The only negative is that the server stopped us and held up our Uber because she messed up the bill and we waited for her to charge us an additional 16 euro.', 'Great place for watching sports, and english premier league EPL or F1. They have around 8 TVs just on the outside and plenty more inside. Limited food options for vegetarians. Vege burger was just a big portobello, but their sauce was great.\nWonderful crowd for big game.\nThe TV programs & volume is controlled by 1 big man. Even when no one is watching a certain game, he refuses to change.', 'I had the Full Irish Breakfast but contrary to what is in the menu, it was only one piece of toast (cut in half) and Meggle butter instead of Kerrygold. Other than that, very good.', 'I went here with a group of friends to watch EURO 2020 finals!! The place was super super crowded and we enjoyed our time here till the end!!\n\nWe had their famous fish and chips. To be honest the fish was very very soggy and I wish it was more crispier!\n\nApart from that I think this place is amazing because it has such an amazing vibe especially on the weekends!! They have nice outdoor seatings by the curb side 😍\nOh BTW they were also playing some English music and it was so good to sing along!!\n\nStaffs were very friendly and even though this place was crowded, we got our orders quickly without any delays!!\n\nAll in all I’d be happy to visit you guys again! 💪🏻😎', 'This was a great find during a city break in Frankfurt. It’s set in the banking district and is definitely based on an English pub. It made a refreshing change during our stay with a great range of beers (and other drinks) as well as an extensive menu based on English classic with some German influences too.\nThere’s plenty of seating and they show sport including premier league football.\nDuring our stay we enjoyed a great English breakfast and an evening meal. Both were freshly cooked and we thoroughly enjoyed them. Would definitely visit again and can definitely recommend.', 'This place is huuuuuge and super crowded on the weekends. Honestly, I think they need to have more staffs at this place because we really had to wait for a long time just to get our beers. And then we didn’t want to order another beer because of the waiting time.\n\nThere were only 2-3 staffs serving this entire place and most of the times they were confused with our orders.\n\nThe vibe is great of course, with peaceful outdoor seating in their garden.\nThey have some amazing beers as well, come in lot of British varieties.\nWe also tried their Fish n Chips and Cottage pie!! They were all great.\n\nLooking forward to atleast get my beer quickly next time.', 'Great pub, we got there quite late but there was still a great atmosphere. Staff we fantastic and very friendly', "You've got the Ale and pale ale and the usual Irish drinks there, great!\nFor food we tried the fish and chips and the steak and kidney pie, not the best I had at a pub but not bad either. The chips are great though, crispy outside and soft inside, above average even in UK standard.\nIf you're someone from the UK and miss the pub food and drinks then it's worth a visit", 'Class pub in Sachsenhausen Frankfurt. Class staff, service and atmospheric. Recommend anyone moving to Frankfurt or just visiting to give it a visit. Home away from home.', 'A typical Irish pub with the ambience. We were there on a Saturday evening and it was already packed with people enjoying a match of rugby and football with a pint of Guinness.\nOne point, people do smoke in here so if you are not a fan of smoking then maybe check before entering.', 'A nice place to have a drink in the middle of the "Sachsenhausen" bar area in Frankfurt. Outside seating is plentiful, and lets you see all the people walk by.', "Good Irish pub serving nice Irish beers. Both the Kilkenny and the O'Hara's were class.", "I was here for the world cup final. I didn't realize that the pubs take reservations for busy events like this but luckily I snagged a solo bar seat which is where I wanted to be anyway. Predictably the place went from empty to insanity very quickly. I didn't struggle too badly to get a drink and they were reasonably priced. I don't order food but it sure looked good. Service was definitely moving as quickly as they possibly could. This place just seems like a really cool neighborhood pub, I'm glad I got to watch the match here.", "A wonderful Irish Pub with a really local atmosphere. Friendly service. The cottage pie is the best I've ever had. Beers are cold and poured well. Very much worth a visit. Cozy in winter and brilliant summer outdoor area in summer. Will definitely be returning.", 'One of the best places to have Irish beers(Guinness) and also they screen a lot of football matches here as well. I have been to this place multiple times and the crowd/vibe never fails to impress me.\n\nThey have the best “Fish n Chips” everrrrrr!! 🤤. If you visit this place do nottt forget to try this, even if you are not hungryyyyyy. Also they have amazing Irish cottage pie.\n\nWell the place is budget friendly, no complaints but staffs keep changing every now and then, some of them are rude/Unfriendly.\n\nOtherwise a veryyy good place to just chill with a beer.', "Amazing pub with friendly staffs and owner. Great draft Magners that I have been looking for in whole of Frankfurt, great draft Guiness, and great apfelwein. But the food is to me the real star. The memory of eating the hand cut fries here will remain with me for the rest of my life. Also give the battered sausages & chips, as well as the fall of the bone ribs a try, great stuff.\n\nI had wished that they have fried rice, but really what I'm wishing now is that they're not halfway around the world from where I'm living.", 'Great place for a nice cold beer...\nNot sure what qualifies it as an Irish pub, other than selling Guinness and playing Irish music.. But I do like it all the same...', 'Great international place, cosy and quite big.\nThe entrance looks a bit small.\nLive music !', 'Great staff. Thanks for a quick appointment for a big group of people.', 'Great food, great service, great pub!', "Food was over by 10pm. Was personally wanting a party vibe but it wasn't the place. Cannot complain much.", "There is a Beer Pong tournament every Thursday night. We try to go there as often as possible, it's always fun!\n\nI'm not the biggest fan of the burgers, besides that I can just recommend this place however :)", 'Staff is really unfriendly and scary. we got threatened by one of the staff. Would not recommend if you want a friendly experience.', 'First time there, was there at Pup Quiz night, amazing Entertainment and experience', "We regularly go here but mainly for their excellent coverage of sport. Tonight they showed the rugby world cup final. The staff worked their arsenal off brilliantly. My only complaint is that I can't give their service a 10 star. Well done to the bar staff and kitchen 👏👏👏👏", "Great place! It's one of our favorite places to hang out, catch a match, and drink!! The dish I recommend isn't even listed below... it's the Chicken Wings, hot and wet, damn perfect every time we order them!!! Service is great, understand it's a small pub with a big following so be patient and the drinks will come!! Tip them well, they know how to take care of you!", 'Great place to stop for a pint of Guinness!', 'I had a drink here. I went to see the final of the Champions League (Inter vs City). If you want to pay separately you have to go inside the pub to pay. The kitchen was closed when I order a burger at 21:10. The TV screen was too small.', 'One of the best Irish pub in Offenbach. You can sit outside or enjoy the inside with a very nice Irish pub atmosphere. The music was also nice. You can play dart and enjoy the time with beautiful and tasty Irish beers...', "It's a great Irish pub with extraordinary reasonable prices and vast food portions. However, don't expect live music and Irish atmosphere - it's still Germany. But if you are looking for a Guinness in Offenbach, this is your place to go", 'Great music and great atmosphere. The bartender was very kind, he let us try the beer without charging anything.', 'Very chill place with great, affordable drinks and nice staff!', 'Happy days', "A great pub, you'll hardly find a bar in Frankfurt with such low prices. The guests are relaxed and the staff is absolutely great. There is hardly a better location in Griesheim and in Frankfurt as a whole it is a top bar that is definitely worth it. Whether it's for a quick beer or a longer evening, it can be a long weekend. Toilets are also clean and there are two dart machines.\nOverall, an absolute recommendation, just take a look.", 'Cozy pub, friendly service, reasonable prices. Had a nice evening with our dart team.', "Very relaxed bar for an after-work beer or even a longer night!\nRelaxed location, attentive service, very fair prices and a large selection of drinks!\n\nThe only problem is that sometimes it's over at 4 o'clock... that's not possible 🤪\n\nOnly recommended!!", 'Perfect ambience. Great boss and friendly employees. If you want to have a nice evening then this would be the perfect place', 'Boss is the best y and the waitress is fia,\nAnd the Greek this top model with her hot friend', 'Great bar suppppertr cheap and very nice people', 'Very good boss and service', 'Solid beer bar in Neu-Isenburg where smoking is also allowed. Nice landlady.', 'Meet nice people, unique ambience, great hosts', 'Cozy beer pub. The landlord and landlady are great, very family friendly. You can also play darts there. Just the right thing for a beer after work.🙂', "It's always fun with Pia. Ask for a beer pass if you have more than 10 beers in the evening or are there often. Can also be used on multiple evenings. Worth it!!👍", 'Wonderful stop in Frankfurt! Love the atmosphere and the staff! Will definitely visit next time I am in town!', 'Good place to have a few beers in Frankfurt. I liked the decoration of the bar, and the atmosphere that there was. I will definitely return.', 'Fantastic local beer.  Bartender nearly spit image of Chris Hemsworth.  Good guy.', 'Top!! Very nice & friendly authentic German pub. Bartender is a true bartender. Will definetly come again.', "The best PUB I have ever been. The staff is super nice! I really wanted to leave here money so they prosper. Burgers are deliciously fantastic! I am speachles and I want to come back. I am on delegation only for four days and I don't want to test any other place. I will just come back here. I totally recommend this place!", 'Half decent drinks selection, can hear your friends and its open til late.\nUnfortunately, we came home reeking of smoke and had to wash EVERYTHING twice, just because a couple of folk wanted a cigarette with their beer.\n\nPaying was a stressful and a scam.\nReciept said €51, few days later our bank account said they charged us €10 more than what the reciept said.\nThey forgot to include a €8.50 drink in the payment but then wouldnt accept card because it was less than €25, but it wasnt our fault they forgot it, it was nice of us to be honest and say they missed it off. 1st they tried to charge me €25 for the drink then said okay only €10. Like no. Managed to find the cash between us. They acted like a**holes about it, not the way we wanted our night to end.', 'Friendly staff and great food but not a place if you are a non-smoker or try to avoid certain creepy customers.', 'very small little pub. I was there on a Sunday afternoon.  very empty.\nchicken wings were good.\nnice little pub for a break from the heat. good prices.', 'Great bar with very nice Guiness! It feels cozy inside with friendly tentative staff. They show all major sporting events and they also have a nice smoking / outdoors seating.', 'Small but lively pub, friendly staff, cozy back garden.', "Like in the movies when you see this group of young people 👯👫👬👭 in a charismatic bar 🍻that seems like a place that should be in every single town 🏘️ in the world, yet there's just not enough of them any more these days. And you think they're in their mid-twenties And then you think this drunk group of loving people whos clothes look working-class but they are, in fact, very privileged you think: this group of people in the bar from that movie..they must be much older than you, they look like their life has started, but in fact, you're their age and an adult (in a good way). Cheers 🍻", 'Great typical Frankfurt pub with live football, foosball table, pinball machine, and darts in the smoking room. Guinness, Kilkenny, and other beers on tap, cheap and delicious pub food, like burgers or schnitzel. For the full experience to there when Eintracht Frankfurt is playing. Nice outside seating in the summer.', 'Food was amazing and the service was really good, great place to chill  have some food and some drinks', "An amazing place to hang out with friends and colleagues, near to the main train station. Luckily my hotel was just next hence I got to try this place out. The waiter's are really kind, specially the kind guy with specs, he made me the most amazing pina colada ever....cant get enough of it, will come here again for sure\n\nLots of love from France", 'This pub I specially recomend to foreign tourists, becausse of great food, foreigners are used to this kind of pub, it has great food, good service, nice atmosphere, mix of german and england culture. This pub is in center of Frankfurt and who ever want to visit, he will not regreat', "My wife and I did not enjoy our meals at this place at all. Let me tell you, rude levels of service here and basic burgers at best. It's a typical tourist trap for late-night eats and drinks, but you won't be impressed with anything here at all. When you order your food and it comes out at an unreasonable", 'Great highlight to my Frankfurt trip. Great atmosphere and music. Jacob is an excellent barkeep. Good times!', 'Pretty light on the culinary side, but they have a World class soundtrack streaming so it all balances to a cool place to bivouac for a couple of hours 😎', 'The pub has an American countryside vibe, drink is okay and the employees are nice', 'Guinness on tap what more needs to be said!', 'Friendly, attentive service, nice guests, cold beer... what more could you want ;)', 'I enjoy this bar and people are very nice here and the employees and the boss are very friendly with customers and also funny with everyone❤', 'The hospitality in this pub is exceptional. The service is courteous and friendly. Here you are simply in good company. Absolutely recommended!', "One of the best bars I've ever been to. The staff is really friendly, the atmosphere is great and the prices are okay, I can only recommend it!", 'Lovely buzzing place with great staff!', "Very sweet Irish pub. I don't remember much from the evening (which is a good sign) but our waitress Alice was amazing and I really like the atmosphere there. Just the music sucks but that's not a reason for me to remove a star 😂", "Nice Irish pub. Can't judge weekends. But on a regular weekday it's not too crowded and it has a nice relaxing vibe. Sky sports available and nice staff. Prices are ok (Dusseldorf standard I guess). Music selection is really good!", 'Great little pub! I always appreciate a pint of Guinness, and they had a lovely Jameson and elder flower drink on offer. We really liked it. The bartender was very friendly, and kind. I would definitely return.', "One of the greatest pub's in this city according to me. There are a lot of people going through yes but it's the only one where you feel a certain atmosphere coming from the people working there. Funny, smiling and open for small talk. Beer, cider & guiness is pretty good. Favorite bar in town. Ambiance and inside is matching the pub style", "As a South African expat, McLaughlin's is our go-to pub to meet fellow english speaking expats and for watching sports together with other Saffas.\n\nThe staff are very friendly and always provide a warm, welcoming and safe atmosphere. They broadcast various popular sports including Rugby, Football, F1 etc... and do group bookings upon request.\n\nThank you to the staff and management for your hospitality and keep up the great work, we always look forward to our next visit 💪", 'Incredibly cozy pub, just make sure you say “please” to the bartenders😉 All in all a beautiful potje bier.', "Lived in the area for about a year.   Best spot if you're English speaking all the staff are friendly. Owner/manager sound as, best place in the city for a nice pint in the evening.", 'I had a great time at O’Reilly’s Irish Pub. The atmosphere was cozy and welcoming, and the staff was friendly and attentive. They have a separate room for playing darts which is awesome! The food was delicious and the drinks were great.\xa0I would definitely recommend this pub to anyone looking for a fun night out', 'Really cozy and chill. 🤎🧡\nLove the decorations. You can also watch Football Match while drinking beer 🍻 , wine  or Cocktails 🍹. Recommend “Snakebite “ Beer for the girls who doesn’t like so much bitter beer. 😉 It tastes not too bitter but also a little bit sweet :)\nBut for me is really good. I like it 😁😁', 'Staff is super super friendly and very attentive. Aleks and Jack are definitely a favourite! Food is gorgeous, I recommend the burgers 🍔\n\nAll in all a lovely pub to hang out with friends and drink!', 'I love this place!  Absolutely the best staff, really attentive and always smiling.  The food is really good, I usually get the wings, the ribs, or the fish and chips.    Good value for your money.  They have TV, and do a quiz night and Karaoke-   Not pretentious- just a Pub, where everyone is welcome!', 'Nice terras to dance outdoors. Waiting time at the bar was quitte long and dude though', 'Nice place to buy yourself a hangover!', 'Things you have too see in life', 'Good ambience', 'The service was exceptional and the staff kept the covid-19 rules stricktet how they are meant to be which lead to a save party environment', 'Nice', 'Good fish and chips, nice service. (No credit cards accepted, though)', 'They only take cash!', 'Is one of the best pub in  neuss. Drink is good beer is good and people Are very kind', 'Nice place to get a beer. They serve food as well. We got free good bye shots. Friendly service', 'Best company in neuss, best beer. Nothing more to say,l', "Very friendly staff✔\nGreat Guinness✔\nComfortable seating ✔\nGood food and music✔\nAnd I'm Irish ✔", 'One of the best pubs I have ever been to. Outstanding atmosphere and great drinks.', 'The best pub in Dusseldorf! I love it.', 'The Best Guiness in town!', 'Absolutely unparalleled atmosphere. I came in alone, not speaking a lick of German, and left with family.', 'You can bring your own food. How cool is that? Table football, dart, pool and fresh apple cider is available. An institution in Derendorf.', 'The interior is super beautiful and the service very nice. The drinks: very good! I had the feeling I was in Ireland 😁', 'I was twice already at the Suttun’s Irish Pub in the Altstadt of Düsseldorf, both times I had one amazing time.', 'Called in monday night quietish ,great girl server ,looked after 5of us ,drinks not exspensive👍', '', 'Bestplace to drink with some nice music and ambience.', 'Friendly staff and reasonable drinks.\n\nHappy hour 4 pm to 7 pm on cocktails.', "Reasonable Altstadt bar, as part of a crawl its fine enough, can't imagine why you would want to be hear too long.", 'Good bar with very cool staff. It has a nice crowd, music and a lot of good drinks. Good place to hang out with friends! Try the Killepitsch shots!', "Poor service, the waitress couldn't keep track of who arrived first and the gentleman who was supposed to be helping her spent most of his time looking at his mobile whilst he absent mindedly scratched the inside of his nose not good for a place that serves food. Then the shift change and the service got better", 'Coffee @5.5 euro all around covered with trash. Welcome', "It's ok.  Don't expect anyth8ng like US style sports bar as it's nothing like this.", "Don't get the cappuccino, its tiny, more drink for you money if you have a Latte.  Quite expensive but then it is an airport...", 'My friends and I tried to enter the place and the security personnel did not allow us to enter, while the rest of the people did, for being "too Spanish".  We were put through a humiliating and extremely offensive situation, when all my friends and I wanted was to enjoy the night.', "Racist behaviour. We are well dressed, haven't sipped a drop of alcohol, and we are not allowed to enter as we are not german.\n\nA shame. Used to come weekly...", "RACIST!!\nThe security guy in the grey suit outside is racist just because my friend was brown he wouldn't let us in TWICE !! He wouldn't say why , and he was very rude to us , definitely go there if you support racism", 'The music was fun but so crowded .  Could n’t go inside DJ  area.', 'A bistro with medeteranian food menu. Very good good, with attention to detail. The lenguini was to die for,tasteful mushrooms and a very well rounded taste. Would go again . Good price to quality ratio aswell.', 'One of my favorite bar in Düsseldorf. Great people, great music, cheap bier. Insane!', 'A very basic and down to earth pub. You get alt and various shots here. Owner isn\'t the friendliest but he does his job. The atmosphere is very basic but nice for a "getting wasted evening".', 'It still feels like the old times..thank God nothing has changed here', 'A little expensive on the one meter beer but overall vibes are really good if you are a foreigner you would love the classical German vibe. My all time to go place in Düsseldorf.  Mexicana shots are must try for something new and fun.', 'First time here, service is very good, the female "bartender" is very relaxed, always in a good mood and is fun to hang around with. Nothing bad to say personally. Everything is quick and the refill is amazingly fast. Thr Altbier tastes really good. Strong dark beer just how I like it. I don\'t even want to talk about the cheap price in combination with everything else. Amazing 10/10.', 'What should I say.. In my opinion it is one of the best pubs in Düsseldorf or even in whole of Germany! The beer is always cold and at a normal price for a pub!\nThey play lots of rock.\nThe brewery for the beer they serve (Kürzer) is right next door.\nDefinitely a must go for every sightseeing tour or just a meet up with friends!!', 'Cool pub, super nice music! I enjoy coming here! :) (But be prepared for the toilets)', 'over charged and Rubbish rude staff ..\nWe were a party of 7 .. a member of the party needed a chair outside because of disability which bar staff said could do..we ordered our drinks captain Morgan rum 10.50  each.which we then found they charged us 12.50 each..having paid the other staff came over and said we are closing and took the chair which our disabled member needed.. very insulting and aggressive just wanted a quick rip off of customer before closing..', "Horrible horrible staff, very rude, not intelligent and absolutely not customer oriented.\nToday we gave this place another shot, we had a table outside, the waiter went out from the bar, sit next to us at our table without asking and started smoking right in our faces. We asked him not to do it at our table, because we are nonsmokers. He replied that he doesn't care and if we are nonsmokers we should go inside or leave, then he turned away and continued smoking.", 'I‘ve seen better DJ‘s in worse places👎🏻', "Sorry guys even if the welcome was warm and promised us a good time, that was no good service.\nBut let us start from the beginning: We were offered a beer, immediately after we entered the location and happily accept the recommendation to take a seat at the back of the pub. Strange to say, the first round was there just a minute later. Perfect...\n\nBut what happened then? Basically nothing, the waiter ignored us for a long time, I assume not intentionally, but to overlook waving customers is not that easy. There are other, more crowded, locations where this doesn't happen. After some time he brought us our beer, which were empty in literally seconds (you know, 0,2l isn't that much) and then again, nothing. We decided to leave the pub but with a sad feeling because it's a nice location which, I think, can really be fun. Unfortunately not today, not for us.\n\nWe might visit it again and hope the service is better (maybe they just had a bad day, which can happen from time to time).", "The place is incredibly loud despite having no music, due to the volume of the patrons. There's also smoking indoors which might be what attracts these people to the place. Tables have their own little area, but it's tiny and you won't have enough space for your feet in a group of 3+. Drinks seemed reasonably priced and good though.", 'Nice Irish pub in the middle of the city. Food was great and they have a big selection of beers and whiskeys. The staff was friendly and service was fast and smooth.', 'To be honest I never tried the food and it seemed to be busy so for food it might be amazing but for an Irish bar it’s missing a lot, Rugby quarter finals Irl v NZ (German soccer on each screen) not showing on any screen and had a hop house pint (.4l) honestly never had a flatter pint and close to 6euro for the privilege.', "Cool place with amazing burgers and fish'n'chips. Good selection of beers and whiskeys.", 'It was a nice and chill Irish pub. I visited during the summer time at night so we sat outside. They provide many beer options, some wine, cider, etc. they also have burger 🍔. I didn’t try the burger but I saw ut was quite big and look delicious. The staffs are friendly.', 'I would have given 4 starts for the food and friendly staff but a friend of mine had ordered A cottage pie and it was served like a soup. There was little bit disappointment there. Plus, the kitchen was overly busy so we got our food after more then 1 hour. We were told before hand about the delay still it wasn’t the best experience. Hence the 3 stars. The food and drinks were good.', "The interior and the music is nice. The burger is good, but the meat should be twice as big considering the price. I really like the Deep Fried Mars Bar dessert. The staff is mixed. There are people very cool and kind and people extremely rude. If you have personal issues, please figure them out and don't bring them to work.", 'Nice Irish style pub!\nGood beer and liquors, funny waiters and nice looking rooms.\nMaybe the prices are a little bit too high, but if you want to try a good night place in Karli, this is one of the most interesting places.', "Excellent. Food was delicious and quick, served by friendly staff. Brilliant pints of Guinness as you'd expect from Irish pub.", 'Great drinks, friendly staff, authentic experience!', 'Great food and portion is quite big. Great atmosphere for a late dinner / supper', "Nice pub in the center of Leipzig. Food is average and the service is always nice. Little dog as bar's mascotte always walking around : )", 'Wonderful place to eat, got our party of 12 in no problem. Food and drinks were wonderful, bilingual servers who offer suggestions. Reasonably priced. Dartboard and Fußball table downstairs.', 'We went there for a beer + ordered some potatoes with cheese — both beer and potatoes were delicious. Staff is very friendly and fast. Pleasant experience overall, will def come back', 'Nice place ..it exists in the middle between no too chic and not too casual .. drink prices are standard , food prices are a bit on the high side. table games available.  Would recommend.', 'Best steak i had in dubai, love the irish vibes, beer was good ,wine was good , had some beer too,definitely  recommend', 'Top', 'Best pub in Leipzig with the best looking wait staff imaginable. Even a last-minute beer while waiting for a taxi will be rewarded with a charming smile. 🔥', 'There is no food. Most drinks were out of stock. We were all very disappointed. Never again.\nYou can only feel sorry for the service staff.', "Very nice pub. A very nice atmosphere that invites you to stay longer. Extremely friendly service is also present in these rooms. I always enjoy coming here when I'm in the area.", 'Amazing place, super nice atmosphere, kind people, super prices, really nice place...giving advice to see\n\nnegatives: lot of light and manu so far from sit and curry wurst was great but not the best\n\nanyway the kindness and nice plays almost 5 stars from me, sure u should visit 😉', 'Nice staff and great burgers and wings ! We watched soccer and had a great evening with some drinks. They also have a garden with tables, so  plenty of space! Big groups should reserve a spot ;)', 'We visited around 23:00 just as the kitchen was to close, The friendly staff ensured we managed to be served food ..good selection of beer ..', "This place has a huge selection of beer and drinks and the staff is super friendly and open.  They're SUPER friendly and talkative and they also make good food!", 'Great atmosphere close to RB Arena', "Went here for a drink after the concert. What can I say... it didn't stop there and the next day dawned. 😉 Super friendly service. Even what wasn't on the menu was mixed. We also had a very nice chat with her (waitress or owner?🤷\u200d♂️). Excellent. That's how hospitality works...We'll be back here next time we visit Leipzig.", 'We stopped there after an exhausting football thriller!\nThe service was super nice, the service and the atmosphere are absolutely recommended!\nPrice and performance are right. I would definitely like to highlight the staff again. These gold pieces should definitely get a raise!!!!!!', 'Cool shop. Ideal for watching football. Drinks selection is very good. Friendly, fast and professional service. We felt very comfortable. Music is O.K. We will be happy to come back.', "Had a good shepherd's pie here (and a steak and Guinness, but shepherd's pie is always my favorite). Great dinner for 7 Euro a plate. Of course we had a couple of Guinness too. Our server was very kind and attentive.  We enjoyed!", 'Best place to get a nice (Irish) drink and something delicious to eat. Very cozy and comfortable, always a pleasure to come back to. The owner is a quirky cool dude and the staff is super friendly and nice. You definitely need to check out this place!', "Nice place. Really recommend their Guiness and Bailey's bomb.", "I would highly recommend the Guinness beer and Steak and Guiness pie or shepherd's pie! Well be back for a 3rd time.", 'Cozy pub with some grand Guinness', 'Cool pub ideal for a beer after work, cozy atmosphere. Delicious food', "Been there again for a while and it's just beautiful. Thank you two. Please keep it up.\n\nlive music\nFreshly tapped\nHot snacks\nGood beer", 'Very cozy pub. Nice and attentive service\nGreat music. There was even live music that night. great👍', 'The bar itself is awesome...like some Harry Potter English pub......the back room is for concerts or for dancing....a bit small back there but so adorable and the bar is well kept.', "It is a classic Irish pub abroad, with a nice atmosphere and a wide choice of food and drinks. Very popular in Leipzig is their quiz night (in English on Tue, in German on Wed), which makes the pub always packed, so you need to get there at least 30mins before if you want to find a table and play (at least for the English one). Small downside: waiters and waitresses are very nice, but don't let 5 minutes pass without asking if you want something else to drink/eat. It gets annoying in the long run.", 'My wife, father in law and I were looking for a nice place to grab a beer and walked by this place.  It looked promising from the front to grab a pint.  Once inside we were all shocked at the size, the place is almost like a maze.  Very friendly staff and great decor.  The empty whiskey containers on the ceiling were pretty cool.  Great spot to stop and hang out and grab a bite and a beer.', 'Proper place for a beer. 🍻\nDid not try the food.', "Bobby's pub is an amazing place.\nThe prices are super fair.. The house beer is cheap and delicious and the cocktails/shots are really well made.\nThe place is really nice, you can smoke inside and there is music.\nStaff is super friendly!\nI really recommend trying it out.", 'Very good drinks, nice beer , low prices, friendly staff and great atmosphere.\nAmong the best in Leipzig!', 'Enjoyed my couple of drinks in this fine establishment.\nRecommended.', "It's a cheap dive bar, great if that's what you're looking for.", 'One of my favourite Irish bars in Leipzig. Great atmosphere, ambience and music selection.', 'Beser Pub in LE.', 'If you like rock music and beer this is probably a bar for you. But you have to like it. It suits Connewitz.', 'Mexican food on the backyard! Vegan nachos!! Amazing', "Smoking bar, I thought it would work, but it was very dark and smelled of cold smoke. We just wanted something to drink, so I can't judge the food. The service was very friendly.", 'Three beers and a buck for €9 - perfect!', 'Arne S.: It was good, Kai particularly liked it\nAnna W.: Well I thought it was great 😁 good prices and snacks. Where else can you get this for free?\nKai L.: rancid shed with rancid staff 😝😅\nMartin K.: Great value for money and fire free for smokers! Live football on top. This calls for a second round!', '100 stars for the nicest service in Leipzig. Beer and sandwich taste delicious!!!', "Now we have to leave the hotel to eat at Burger King, just because the waitress was not able to serve us menu card for 20 minutes then we were waiting for another 20 minutes until we left the restaurant. It is not Mike's urban pub but Mike's urban shame.\nI felt the problem is that we are foreigners due to other german guests were served quickly.. Western civilisations. 🤷🏻\u200d♂️", 'Great Schnitzel with fresh mushrooms and a cold beer. What else do you want?', 'Limited staff, you have to wait a long time for your drinks', "Ate super tasty! Both my husband's burger and my Wiener Schnitzel were simply great! The two waiters were also very friendly. So all in all a great evening for the little stopover we made here and definitely recommended 😀", 'Super pub, here you can relax with a beer and a few shots. Smoking allowed, like before ;-) A special experience awaits the guest when he presses the bell at the counter. This is a great place to start conversations with other guests and the landlord.', 'Small cozy pub in the center of Stötteritz. Here you can start a conversation very quickly and feel welcome as a guest. The only small drawback there is nothing to eat, a small snack would be nice.', "Very pleasant, beautiful pub with great guests and nice service, I'll be happy to come back... Thank you", "The barman is said to have died on Tuesday and was found in his apartment. Now Elly's Pub will probably remain closed forever\n\nRest in peace Sandro!!!!!", 'Great spot to watch some sports, multiple TVs and good spots to post up', 'Great Ukrainian waitress Oleksandra, perfect service!', 'Grand spot for a beer and to watch football. Hard to find using Google Maps. Search for Marriott Hotel. The bar is in the hotel.', 'Just open again. Service is ok. Menus is poor. Food is not good.they must change fast or close', 'Had a whisky om the rocks here with some peanuts on the side and the vibes were awesome!', 'If your daily routine break you the Beers is the best place for a beer, nice positive music and atmosphere, with good variety of beers and cocktails. Further, good prices for everyone and also the beer of the week 😉.\n\nAlso, billiard, football tables and drafts could be part of your activities there.\nVery possible to could enjoy many sports events via the TV that they have.', 'I really like Beers! good drinks and billard tables makes this place fun.\nthe only really bad and uncomfortable thing is the staff. they are so rude. i dont know if they hate their job or they dont like foreigners.. sad because the place is too good for the rude staff', "Good place to chill and play pool. Every week there's a beer of the week wich is cheaper", "Place was decent. It had live music, but cost €10 each head which I hadn't seen online. There's a small drink selection, but what they had was nice. The crowd is definitely on the older side.", "I don't understand the language enough to understand the lyrics, but the live and was great and the food was even better. Definitely worth checking out 💯", 'Great bar / club with live music! Different bands, different style of music! Great audience and awesome team! Fair prices! And the food/snacks great as well! Have a look to the line-up and enjoy....', 'My favorite bar in Leipzig, awesome music, nice staff and very good drinks.', 'We were lucky to hit an evening with live music. The place was packed but great atmosphere. Every time again.', "Its a wonderfull Irish Pub. Lot's of traditional Ihrish Drinks and Food. I Like it", 'Finnigans is a great place, quaint, the service is great and the hosts are awesome. I highly recommend!', 'Very nice and the coolest music !', 'The arc that can be made around the business cannot be big enough', 'Nice kiosk with everything you need', 'Super', "It's a great pussy", 'Great food great Guinness  good pub.\nWith pool darts . And great staff .practical  no waiting  time to be served.. pub prices are  fair. If you want good service and every thing else  with it . You got to pay that penny  more..', "Top Pub with all the nice stuff a man need's! Beside of that they have food,Pool and darts to play!!! A bit pricey when you go for the non local beverages as Guinness,Newcastle or even a 16y old Scotch but you pay even more elsewhere!", 'Nice bar that serves delicious burgers and dark Guinness Beer. The music is not too loud, such that chatting with mates works quite good. A recommendation!', 'Good drinks, great service. Currywurst seemed a bit expensive?', 'The best British pub in Dortmund. Huge selection of gins and beers. There are also many different flavors of specialty potato chips. Friendly and welcoming staff. They have weekly trivia nights on Tuesdays offered in English and German and will be starting regular bingo nights. Sometimes they also have live music. This place is a must go if you are in Dortmund!', 'Without doubt the No1 english pub in town.  The teams is fantastic, authentic hosts! Have never seen such selection of beer in Dortmund! Come as a stranger, leave as a friend.', 'Decent pub just let down by bartender doing 1 part pours on the Guinness, then 5 part pours on other glasses, never seen anything like it', 'Nice night out with some friends. Ended up here and had a blast. Discovered a new cocktail and all so thumbs up!', 'Not the best bar in Dortmond but ok for a beer seen and been to better', 'Biergarten that has a nice outdoor area. Next to a busy street, not too far from central Dortmund. I went there with a group of 12-15 people and owner decided to keep the place open for a bit longer than usual.', "Really chill place but I'd rather recommend going there in summer because it's more of a beergarden than a bar, but if you got like, smaller groups of 2 or 4 people you can go there in winter, really cozy. The prices are pretty good considering the current crisis going on, and the staff is super friendly, they even give you cocktails to go !", "This is one of Dortmund's oldest bars. The setting is an old gas station with a beer garden in front of it.\nIt's a great place to drink beer or cocktails. The last times I have been there, the service was excellent.\nAn additional plus is that you can order burgers from the place next door.", 'Absolutely great bar..with amazing service and a Foosball table to keep entertained. The crowd here is awesome and the ambience quite relaxed. Good music playing and a great selection of spirits and beers. Must try the Mexicaner shot', "Extremely hostile owner, very rude to us. My friend is a native of Dortmund and used to come here as a student. She simply wanted to take us to her old favorites. Instead she ended up embarrassed simply because she was trying to order a drink for us. He yelled at her, slammed drinks down. It was a busy night but there were 3 workers. I've never seen worse service!", 'Excellent drinks and service.', 'Mega', 'Awesome people. Loved my time there!', 'My favorite local watering hole!', 'Uber cool infra', 'Very unfriendly owner', 'Strolled in here randomly off the street on my own...had a great (karaoke) night. Lovely owner and staff, wicked crowd and all in all a wonderful night... Highly recommend this hidden gem.', 'Pleasantly eclectic assortment of potent potables probably not provided at the average pub; after a few highballs I emerged with a truly happy dingdong!  Perhaps part of what makes the place interesting in its "ungermanity" in a truly German city.  Worth a trip.', 'such a good place. The pub is nice, beers are really good and people are able to help you anytime. They play rock and roll all the time. Prices are good.', "I met this guy here and he said this is his favorite bar. He's a really cool guy", 'Super cool pub, with some nice music and you can also have none alcoholic drinks', "Just been back there after 15 years. Not much has changed and that's a good thing.", 'really nice place with cool atmosphere and cozy, interesting interiors! also has two fußball tables(kicker??) and schocken dice and cups. staff as well as other people were very friendly!\nwish there was music in the other room too.', "It's one of my favourite pubs. Absolutely informal, there is nothing fancy about this place. You can get beer, food and good music including small bands playing live.", 'A wonderful pub. I immediately felt comfortable. The beer was delicious. The service was nice, the atmosphere was great. And I will come again!', 'Nice service with very good service.\nHere you can spend a cozy evening with friends. Shock cutlery available in sufficient numbers.', 'Toilets are very small and need to be cleaned more often.\nMixed audience which is very pleasant. Service friendly and courteous, prices ok 👌.', "Nice little pub, which by the way is not a gay bar. Not that that's a bad thing, but I think the name is a bit misleading. I still like coming here. There is always something going on here. Bonjour from Paris with love.", 'On Thursday night it was the only place around that was full, good prices and very charming bartenders.', 'Super Service', 'Fantastic little bar. Loved it and made really welcome.', 'Nice place', 'Best shop in town! Wednesdays are Luft-Hansa evenings!', 'Good prices\nClean toilet\nNice personel\nGood drinks\nMusic too loud every now and then :)', 'It was only there for a short time, but the prices were right, the atmosphere was great and the service was friendly', 'Although we were already the older generation in our mid-30s, we were treated great! Good store.', 'Super!!!', 'Top', 'Nice place', 'Top', 'Nice vibes. Nice food. Food prices. One of the best pubs in Essen.', 'Amazing pub! Came here both nights during our stay here. All staff have been more than accommodating and made us feel so welcome! Will definitely be back', 'The staff are very nice and helpful. The food was ok, big portions.\nThe ambient is also very unique and cool.', 'Amazing place. Seriously looks like a boat outside and inside. The waiters are very friendly only one girl was confusing the orders but she was so kind to help us which it was not a problem. Nice beers too !', 'Really nice waiters....loved their service...coktails are ok.', "I don't know many bars in the city center of Essen. But I do like this one, good ambiance and beer selection.", 'This was the only open bar near my hotel, so I decided to walk over and check it out.   At first, everything seemed OK, but after about one hour, apparently I was too old to be in the bar and was asked to leave.   I bought 2 beers while I was there and was just standing and sitting off to the side watching the crowd,\nMy first "age discrimination.   I suppose there will be more to come, but thanks Temple for being the first.', 'The bartender was awesome, good vibes all around', 'The best pub in the Ruhrpott is at Onkel Aris! Music requests are accepted, nice service and nice guests. Cozy rustic pub and always a great atmosphere', "If I could I would even give zero stars. A friend and I walked there for half an hour at 3 a.m. because it was the only pub still open. We went in, said a friendly hello, put some money in the machine and a few seconds later we were sent out because we didn't order something to drink as soon as we came in. When the unfriendly employee said that, I even said that we had ordered something anyway and she said that we should go out and let us know for next time.", "It's a Schalke pub! But service is okay. Once you get used to the other guests, you can drink your beer in peace. 🍺", "Great restaurant, great service, very nice host, I'm happy to stop by on Saturdays.😘😘😘", 'Authentic night bar with a wide range of music played (often live). There is a party room that can also be hired. The service is, in keeping with the tradition of the region, rough but friendly. Whether during the week or at the weekend, you should have experienced the Südrock in Essen.', 'Once again you made my day! Thx for inviting such bands! :)))', 'One of the liviliest places in Essen. Friendly stuff , nice beer and a nice rock concert the night we went there. A good option to have fun at night', "I went there for a concert and the event room is definitely the same as it was 50 years ago and it's great to have these feelings, I'm thankful for these vintage vibrations", 'Really great atmosphere ....... great guests and always friendly staff.', 'Nice pub tables in front of the door, quick and friendly service', 'Very cozy and friendly staff. I always enjoy being there again and again.', 'The small pub is a real insider tip. Gypsy schnitzel with fries and mayo for 11.50 euros. The gypsy sauce is homemade and not from a bucket. And the freshly tapped Pils for 1.60 euros makes everything complete. Anyone who writes here that the service is rude was probably in the wrong restaurant or drunk. We were served great.\n\nThe lumberjack schnitzel with lots of onions and two fried eggs is also delicious. And the Veltins is also good to drink.', 'Fun place to meet people hangout pösy Board/card games. The drinks are simple and good. Food is served until 11pm', 'I went on a Wednesday and the atmosphere was really nice, there was a mix of different ages of people, and a great live jazz in the background. Seemed like a place for locals but as foreigners we fit in quite easily. I’ll definitely come again! ☺️', 'Great bar! Music + Games + Atmosphere', 'By chance, there was a rap group singing.\nWe had delicious noodles.\nSadly, they dont offer more Burguers.', 'Super Location', 'It is both affordable and a very nice place. If you really want to have fun, you should definitely visit here.', 'You can go there without chiki Miki clothes. Nice service. Music is great too. Something from everyone.', 'Quite ok for a nightcap. But nothing more.', 'Nice, cheerful staff, great value for money. A restaurant for young and old.', 'Always worth a visit. You meet old acquaintances.', "Cool people, great service and good atmosphere. I'd better not say anything to the DJ \U0001fae3😅\nPrice-performance ratio completely ok", "As always great, good atmosphere + music. Nice people and staff. Delicious beer🍻It's nice that the marketplace exists✌✌✌👌We love it😉", "Friendly. Comfortable. Inviting.\n\nWhen I return to Mülheim this amazing pub will be at the top of my list to visit again.\n\nOi! Cash only! Don't be me and come up short.", "Sometimes you want to go\n\nWhere everybody knows your name,\n\nAnd they're always glad you came;\n\nYou want to be where you can see,\n\nOur troubles are all the same;\n\nYou want to be where everybody knows your name.", 'Just a pub with musik', 'Epic!', "We were here for a concert by Mr. Hurley and the Powder Monkeys. To look at it soberly, it was just a catastrophe. But it's what you do with it that counts.\nIt was warm and the drinks came very, very slowly. The concert was stopped after 30 minutes because part of the floor in front of the stage collapsed.\n1. A nice email today explained all the problems.\n2. The band played completely unplugged in the Burg Hof. Absolutely great atmosphere.\n3. After about 1 hour the band came to the middle of the courtyard and continued playing. The party continued. There was dancing and singing along.\nIt was an evening I won't forget. Not because of the defects, but because it was an unusual, beautiful evening.", "beautiful surroundings, in the middle of Vondern Castle. There was a Kilkenny on tap and later some fries, everything was nice with music and today also bingo! I'd love to do it again, often too...", "Nice location.\n\nBut the service is an absolute disaster. You can only order at the table and you need luck to be able to order first.\nThen you wait. 20, 30, 40 minutes...absolute madness.\n\nThe system should be urgently reconsidered.\n\nADDENDUM:\nThe cooling system failed and there were a few other breakdowns that can just happen. An email came from the organizer with an explanation and apology and self-critical words.\nThat clearly speaks for him and that's why I adjusted the rating from 2 to 4 stars because it's actually really cool here.", 'Nice castle courtyard atmosphere, delicious beers and small dishes. Very nice service. Top destination for weekend bike tours!', 'Small, cozy pub, often very full, but due to the influx of people. The service is very nice and helpful. There is also a covered area outside for smokers. A Heizpils in winter would be nice, so the audience would equalize a little.', 'Been there for the first time in decades! Since now a new tenant named Alexi is hosting it. 👍👍👍👍 Top, super and fast service, pay attention to the Corona Protection Ordinance. A really small and really cozy nightcap, the only one left in Kettwig! Top', 'Spontaneously went there in the evening.... Quaint little pub, I could almost get carried away to call it a gem of Kettwig. Cozy atmosphere through narrow alleys, a kind of half-timbered street.....I liked it.... The only drawback: parking was difficult because there was practically no space, but I think the atmosphere and the conviviality more than made up for this negligible disadvantage... .. I can only recommend....', "Super cozy pub. Great service, nice guests. I like to watch football here ⚽. Dear Steffi, we'll be back. Kind regards Britta and Frank from Polsum", 'Amazing place with live musice and great vibe.\nMust try their burgers takes a bit long but worth the wait.\n\nLive music stops at 12.\n\nService is good.', "A pub is a pub. Very slow staff. Had to wait for two beers like 30 min, for food it's OK, need time to prepare. Onion rings were good, a nice sized portion for two persons. Could do with more of the sauce.", 'Good music.  Guinness at 25 GED steep.  Go local', 'Good music, ok food, a bit pricey', 'Best steak I ever had in my life was in this place. Amazing food, lovely friendly staff .. and delicious drinks!! Besides football games ♥️🌹🍷🍹', 'Visited this place twice. Absolutely love it! Food is very tasty and the waiters nice and friendly', 'The prices mentioned on the menu on google are just wayy too wrong. The cocktails are much costlier then what mentioned on the menu online. The food is overpriced. The place is okayish. Dont waste money here.', "overpriced shabby barn. A pub in which out of 4 types of beer two of them are not available, there is no service, in 2 hours the waiter came up to us 1 or 2 times. The cocktail was made incorrectly and the price was set 2 times higher than in other places. One toilet didn't work. Everything is terrible, I regret every lari spent in this place", 'Expensive (spent GEL 90 for 1 person), small portions, long waiting time (like 30 mins), there could be more beer in the glass, but delicious and I liked it. I took a striploin steak with dark guinness, cabbage salad & tartar. Big hall, screens with tennis &  basketball translations, billiard table.', '10/10 Burger, attentive waiters, could hang out here to watch sports', 'Well lighted and open in an shopping mall (with clear visibility to everything). That\'s just not the "Irish pub atmosphère" I\'m looking for. For the rest all was fine 😌', 'Most expensive Guinness I have paid for in the world and definitely not worth it. Drink was not poured correctly and was tasteless', 'It is the worst place. We ordered chicken wings and got POISONED all 4 people! Service - 0/10.We were told that food order will take 30 minutes but finally it took 1h 10mins . Phew! 🤮', "Always nice, an Irish pub. Wasn't too crowded but very expensive beers", "Lol. They deleted my review.\nSo, here it is again\nThe place is in a low average.\nFood was bad. Drinks were wrong.\nMy friend didn't finish his burger. I mean, how bad can you make a burger, so a person won't finish it?! Daiquiri was just a rum with lemon juice.\nAnd they put a margarita that is not a margarita at all.", 'Very good place with a comfortable atmosphere, delicious beer, and tasteful music.💙💙', 'came visit late afternoon so i was the only barfly there. barmaid here very sweet and kind and make me a good cocktail. This block have quite lots of bar located but i think if you want to get drunk a bit on late afternoon this is the place for you.', 'Great little pub,  good variety of food and drinks. Staff are great. In all, a nice place to hang out', 'The Pub with deep roots, cozy and friendly environment. The real Pub - not a regular bar. Live music on weekends, fresh beers and drinks, sincerely perfect service. The local pub which becomes your favourite place:)', 'Great beer, warm atmosphere, a lively welcoming place with good music, love it', 'It is nice place, service is really good! Food which I ordered was also good, maybe not best but for sure good! I tried chicken BBQ and it was great, order salad cucumber and tomato with walnuts and also was good! Only fresh berry juice was not really... because it was taste like a syrup and not fresh berries. So overly it was nice place to have quick lunch.\nP.s. I will say  it is not really expensive place, moderate... Check prices and menu in the photos.', 'Good food and good attention! The have a good mix of national and international menu! And the black lion beer the serve is very good!', 'Every dish is good, nice price and service', 'Good place if you are a fan of the Black Lion beer here in Georgia, a bit more expensive than even central Tbilisi, but its a high class establishment attached to a hotel. Had a good conversation with the bartender while it was quiet, was happy with the service.', "It's quiet here indeed.\nFirst of all I'd like to say that the atmosphere is great. Decorations, design, all of this really really good. But do not be deceived.\nHalf of the menu wasn't available. The only dessert (and they have lots of them listed) is a cheesecake. Some drinks were also missing. Soup was served in a small cup. The burger was cold by the time it reached me (but still good). One of the fries that came with the burger was either weirdly overcooked or rotten.\n\nTL;DR The pub wasn't exactly a terrible experience, but sad little accidents piling on top of each other make it hard to recommend this place.", 'We order 2 Guinness and a whisky sour.  The waitress  had no idea what a whisky sour was and was going to find out but never came back. The guinness was watery. We had to ask 3 times for the bill (waited 20 minutes) and they were not even busy.  Paid in cash and was waiting for my change. Another 10 minutes and no change and had to go up and they had not processed it (I suspect they were hoping we walk away and they would have kept the change). On the bill, they had the nerve to charge a service fee. Where was the service. I complained about the service and the service fee, which was 10 percent. The waiter walked away. Never got an answer and never got any service. Unlikely to go back', 'Coffee is delicious, tried americano and cold with ice cream.  Caesar with chicken is quite tasty, 3 points, because the croutons were tasteless.  French fries - to throw away, brought cold.  Every time they refuse to take an order for tea, although it is on the menu.', 'Did not have the food. Service is slow and unfriendly. But the music in the square is great.', "It was a delightful surprise to discover such a wonderful place in Batumi. The atmosphere was pleasant and friendly. It felt as if we were guests at a friend's home rather than at a restaurant. It's an excellent choice for dinner and a pleasant time. I highly recommend it to everyone!", 'Very pleasant place, tasty dishes (you may have a good lunch here) and very good hookah!\n\n25 lari for a giant sandwich, the rest took away for the supper. Liked the berry/orange lemonade in a jar too', "After a really long and rainy day, we wanted to stop in this cute place to taste local khacaphuri.\nit was 18 gel, 1 local beer kayaki 8 gel\n1 cola 3 gel, an another khacaphuri looks like pizza. (don't remember the name) Total was 49.50 gel , i think good price for 2 people.\nStaff very friendly even tho lack of communication.", 'Ok place to sit and grab a bite to eat off the main streets area. I just got the caesar salad as I wasn’t that hungry. It was well prepared and high quality.', "A cool bar with nice staff. They were very friendly and we had great time drinking on a street corner. Will go there again when I have the chance to visit Batumi again and I don't do this normally.", 'The vibe absolutely the best. A lot of locals are chilling here. Booze price is a lot better than in other places. My fav place in Batumi that also has a branch on the beach and is in less than 400 meters', 'Really good place for a drinks with a friend. Small park in front of the place, and you can sit there and enjoy your drink', 'Very good place to have a good breakfast. Delicious food and very good service. It is a must visit place in Batumi.', "This is the best Chicken Caesar Salad I've had in Batumi. Sinori is very clean, has great service, fair prices, great location and a delightful atmosphere. It's never boring. Highly recommended.", 'I loved this bar! Had such a fun night with people from all around the world. Great beer and service and amazing atmosphere.', 'One of my favorites places in Batumi!\nGreat for having lunch, having dinner with friends, or just having a night out :)\nFood and drinks are great! Highly recommend to try sinori, a very tasty and huge pie-like meal.\nAtmosphere is great, personnel is friendly and helpful.\nThanks a lot!!', 'The coctail and personal its amazing, i bring 1 star for owner so rude', "One of my favourite places in Batumi. Atmosphere is great, friendly stuff is extra benefit, with Anri's unforgettable laughter, Omiko's creative cocktails, tasteful music and intresting people evenings will be fun and joyful.  You can gain friends and memories here. If in Batumi don't miss this spot!!!", 'We spend 2 days in Batumi and ended there twice because it was the best bar in town. Very friendly owners. We had a good time!', 'Very nice bar! Free shots!!! And all the people are nice here. Love it', '10/10 highly recommend visiting here if you want fun. I’ll be back', 'Great cocktails! The staff is super friendly and the owners really ensure the high quality!', 'A small and quite place to get away from it all.\nThe bartender is very sweet and makes amazing cocktail.\nThis place is highly Recommend Because of the general service and nice atmosphere.\nIf you want to get away from the tourists while having an amazing drink this is the place to go!\n\nThey speak English and Russian.', 'This bar is definitely one of my favourite places here! Super cozy atmosphere, really delicious cocktails and very friendly staff. Thank you🍹', 'Great place with very friendly staff. Cocktails best in town 👍', 'Best burger ever. Nice atmosphere. It is a must when you visit batumi!', 'Cool!', '80 gel for the entry is ridiculous', 'Good, but a bit expensive', 'Perfect people, nice music and a lot of things. Large variety of alcohol, good interior and nice atmosphere ❤️', 'Cool new place with a lot of homemade tinctures, DJs and bright girls-owners. And my black cat on a wall!', '** IN DEPTH REVIEW **\n\nIf you\'re looking for a western style bar or anything that comes close to what you see in the 1st world, this is your place.\n\n***THE PEOPLE\nWe were greeted like the "bros n sisters" that we are to our friends, you get an immediate feeling of zoning in with your homies, which to anyone born from 1980 and onwards is extremely important. Seriously, the internet generation needs the closeness.\n\n*** THE STAFF\nThe staff are multilingual, very friendly and generally are attentive to one\'s individual wants and needs, me and my squad were walked through the bar, had plenty of social interactions and you get a genuine feeling of friendship, afterall, paycheck or not, you just want to feel welcomed.\n\n*** THE MENU\nOne of the most baffling things about this bar is the incredibly wide variety of homemade brews when it comes to spirits (30-40%). As travelers may already know, Georgians are famous for their 8000 year tradition of brewing wines and spirits.\nFun fact, over 80% of the population are capable of self brewing. Mind you that the brews are safe in terms of methanol and ethanol, so don\'t feel anxious over the intergridy of the products. Additional regular drinks that we all know and love are available.\n\n*** THE INTERIOR\nSmall, but very cozy and just enough for you to feel like you\'re at a nice party of 20people.\n\n***PRICING\nFor the average tourist from middle upper incomes, this bar is relatively cheap. Then again Georgia is expensive for Georgians so keep that in mind.\n\n*** THE VERDICT\nPerfect for anyone 45 and under, very viby,\nThe music is mostly dance, djs come every weekend during tourist season to rock the house, come and see for yourself, totally worth it.\n4.9/5', 'The only Bar in Batumi with Live DJ sets Every Day!!', 'Delicious restaurant. The service was great. Our waitresses English was very good. The burger and pizza and local Georgian food were all great. The burger took the longest so I maybe wouldn’t order it if you’re in a hurry. When we came it wasn’t busy at all. Very chill place.', 'Great place for some traditional food. I had the Adjara Kadjapuri and the skin Kali and they were very nice. The only thing I would change is the bread in the Kadjapuri as it didn’t have any salt and lacked that taste. Other than that the place is very nice and the prices are fair.', 'Tasty food as we had vegetable BBG grilled and a pizza. The service is as it feels like in whole Georgia not very happy…\nThe location, atmosphere and the terasse make the restaurant work great 👍🏻', 'Modern atmosphere with Georgian cuisine options as well. Restaurant and pub are both available at different floors. They have live music between 20:00-23:00. Four cheese pizza is recommended.', "After reading some unfavourable reviews, I went in with low hopes. I don't believe they were particularly accurate. This restaurant delivers wonderful low-cost food; the Adjarian khachapuri was tasty, as was the Georgian salad. The decor may use some updating, but apart from that, I believe it's a great location to watch a sporting event and have a drink or snack.", "Nice pub with an English-speaking waiter.\n\nIt's not expensive, and local people frequent this place. We were given cucumber accompaniment for our czacza.\n\nWe especially want to appreciate the waiter with slightly longer black hair and a beard. He was very friendly, attentive, quick, and additionally spoke English. A huge plus for this place!", 'Awful experience! We tried to exchange our beer because it was flat and the lady became very confrontational so we paid and left.', 'Delicious dinner. National Georgian food for normal prices. There was a gift from owner - national home made vodka "chacha". Big dinner with barbecue meet costed 70 lari for 5 person. Good atmosphere. Very quick service. There is a bank terminal.', 'Dingo Bar organises a lot of activities and events every week (international cuisine dinners, broadcast of football matches, game nights, language clubs, etc.)\nIf you want to do something unusual in Kutaisi, come here :)', 'Close today', 'Noise', 'Very good atmosphere and bar owners)', 'Very nice servis :) And very tasty cocktails- really tasty.', 'Foood is sooo goood', 'Good service and drinks', 'super and beautiful place', '🥕vegetarian review\n\nGreat food, especially recommended grilled veggies plate 🥖🍍 price very reasonable, hoegardem beer is also very light and tasty. The service was very attentive. The only minus - my favorite dish, lobio is not on the menu \U0001f972😭 other than that one of the best foods that I’ve eaten in Georgia 🇬🇪', 'Food was great, but the opinions vary between people I was with. Waiter was nice and friendly, but he was speaking quietly and music was really loud, which was making him hard to understand. Atmosphere was kinda ruined by the loud music - tho I really liked the songs.\nAnyway, those are one of the best french fries I ate.', 'Now THIS is how a pub should be. Excellent bar food (greasy and tasty in the right way and the right amount) combined with wonderful zesty beer. Amazing does not even begin to describe it. I had some of the best potato based snacks of my life here, both the home and Mexican style potatoes are a must try. Mushroom with sulguni had more cheese than mushroom and that is always a good sign. To go full savage, try to dip your Mexican potatoes first into the buttery and cheesy mushroom pan and then into their own Mexican sauce. Your arteries will hate you, but every other part of your body will rejoice. Must try for those in Kutaisi.', 'Amazing interior and atmosphere. Kutaisian hospitality and temperament at its best. Everyone in the staff has an incredible vibe and high-level skills.  Food was delicious, and that low price for that quality is just incredible and unbelievable. I would say the same about the beer. The founder of this pub clearly has good taste.', '6/5 if it was possible ! The pub is extraordinary and it was a huge part of a lot of my parties in Innsbruck . Waiters are kind and very good, service is excellent and the Guinness is very cheap! An excellent option to meet a lot of foreign people in Innsbruck. Also a special option for the Mojitos. Just my favorite pub in Innsbruck. Thank you Galway ', 'one of the best pubs in paris, great location. the atmosphere can get pretty busy and packed but other times its a nice spot to grab a couple beers and chat with friends. food here is excellent as well, the chicken strips are to die for!! staff are extremely friendly. some nights they even have open mics. they open till 5am.', 'Nice pub with friendly staff. They have a nice selection of beers spirits and wines. They also serve food. Happy hour is from 16:00 to 21:00', 'Authentic little pub in the heart of town. nice spot to grab a couple beers, watch sports and chat with friends (not overly loud). Pours a good pint of Guinness. staff are extremely friendly. Open late - till 5am.', 'I visit this bar many times and I find the service not consistent. When they’re nice, the service is nice and warm, but when they’re not, it’s cold and super slow. The drink and snacks are a joy, by the way!', 'The food was amazing here everthing was tasty and just the right amount of food, and the waiters were extremely polite and understanding, i came with a group who not all spoke french nor english and they had the patience to help them order, extremely good place to eat and drink.', 'Nice irish pub with different kind of beer and food. In general good and tasty, but higher prices. Tables in and outside directly at the place national. Friendly services and also showing soccer.', 'Best Irish bar in nation’s area. I do recommend this place for Irish coffee lovers.', 'Good beer and food, prices are bang on for Paris.', 'The door was locked though, according to Google,  it was supposed to be open. When walking away, the proprietor reluctantly opened the door. Upon entering, I was not asked if I wanted anything so I had to tell him to pour me a beer. As I drank the beer, I kept thinking I would be getting a menu or at least be asked if I needed anything. The waiter never said a word. He played darts and drank a beer as we waited. After about 15 minutes, I asked if the kitchen was open and he said, no. We left and had dinner at another restaurant.', "I'm glad to have this place in my neighborhood.  Being very weak at French, it's nice to have the English option.  The food has always been good, especially the specials with sausage.  I find the burger just a little on the small side for American tastes, but I'm probably being ridiculous.  Service is always friendly and the atmosphere is pleasant.  Sidewalk seating is as good as the weather.  I wish they'd serve food all day, every day, so it could be my no-brainer option at any time.", 'Great stop on the way to the tower!', 'Great little place. We stumbled across this place on our last night in Paris while waiting to see the Eiffel Tour light up. The owner is a genuinely lovely Irish lady.\n\nWill be back. Fingers crossed.', 'I stumbled on this place by accident, went in for 1 Guinness, left almost 4 hours later, it feel like home.  Guinness from Dublin, and a very respectable shelf of Irish whiskies.  The staff are lovely, and get a hot dog, it surprised me, crispy onion bits are a winner.', 'Myself and my fiancé visited this place on our first day in Paris, met a lovely group of Americans there also. We were in Paris celebrating our engagement and my fiancé birthday. The owner was absolutely lovely. Looking to meet new people with a great Irish surrounding, highly recommend this place.', 'Perfect place for a foreigner to feel welcome...and watch some Rugby. Service absolutely wonderful! Great Irish Whiskies! And the best hot dogs I have EVER tasted!', 'We fisited this pub as one of our stops during the RWC 2023. This place is amazing. Never been to a pub with better atmosphere. Plenty of waiters to serve you and bring the coldest beer. Wide range of beer and I even had my first Guinesse here. Tried several other Irish beers. The food is also  next level good. Burgers, chicken, fries and plenty more. For me the platter was the best. Several diffirent meats with fries. Amazing!!!\nThis pub is definitely worth a visit or two.\nWell done to all staff!!! I had a great time at your pub.', 'It’s a really good place if you wanna see a sport match, football or even rugby. After that I don’t see it as place I would go specifically to eat.\nGood beer and decent food.\nWe went on a Wednesday night and the place was packed with football fans watching the PSG game.', 'Came here as we wanted somewhere to watch the rugby - and then proceeded to watch Scotland beat France, which certainly enhanced the atmosphere. If you like pubs, you’ll like it here - pints at the bar, and even a pool table, plus screens for the sports. A great place to go with friends.', "Wonderful Irish pub on the Grand boulevard.\nLots of character and lots of space inside to sit. There's also a large attractive terrace.\nI've not eaten here but the food I saw delivered looked good.", 'Well tasted, and very friendly. The vegetarian Beyond Meat burger wich I choosed was an experiance. I could give a big thump up to the Irish Man!', 'Cool place to grab a beer and some good food alongside it! 😁', 'What an awesome spot. Great staff, great service. Some interesting beers on tap and excellent food. One of the highlights of our trip. Check it out!', 'Fit out is not even close to proper Irish pub, however people are making good atmosphere in the place. Little bit expensive comparing with even Ireland, but I found out that in all Paris pubs and restaurants paint of Guinness is similar €8 range. Anyway, this was good rugby watch, we won with 🇫🇷 😎', 'A cozy Bar with great vibe for beer with friends. A bunch of us had a great evening here as the staff was very cordial and recommended drinks were spot on.', 'I will never come again at this place. We ordered at 23:45 and the bartender didn’t serve us until 00:00 just to make us pay 2€ more per drink. The bartenders are not polite at all. They made us move from place several times because “we were not in the right place”. We ended up just leaving after 15 minutes even if we didn’t even finish the drinks, it ruined our night. Go anywhere else, literally any other bar in the zone will be better than this one.', 'Total rip off !! Has a good crowd but the staff will rip you off especially when ordering any mixed drinks.\n\nPaid €88 for four double whiskey & cokes … the bar man obviously though I wouldn’t notice him only putting singles in.\n\nWhen I asked for the manager they asked me for my proof of ordering doubles and the bar man who had served me 2 minutes previously denied serving me at all.\n\nIf your getting mixed drinks here ask the bar man to pour in front of you or you’ll end up getting ripped off !!', 'Just ok, the service is pretty dreadful - some staff are ok, but the barmen are poor - no focus or urgency to serve people promptly. There were dirty dishes all over the side counter - not a well run establishment, unfortunately. Several items on the menu were out, including the burger - how do you let a restaurant run out of burgers????', 'Great bar nice service yummy cocktails 🍹', 'This place has best  beers tapas ,service is great . Ask for Maxime  he is amazing speaks English Spanish French', 'Will not be drinking here again. 9euro a pint and they tell you its Magners when its actually Normandy French cider. Taking the piss and getting away with it. Better bars in Paris', 'Finally, a good beer.  We stopped for a drink and a snack and the staff was friendly and quick.  The Planche Veggie hit the spot and was something new, if familiar.', "Fearghal was our bartender. He was funny and kept us entertained. We popped in there for a couple of pints to get out of the cold, and we're glad that we did! The place was empty and that made us feel calm. And the restrooms downstairs were clean.", "Omg this place was such a sanctuary !! The staff were so nice and helpful! Their recommendations were excellent. The fish and chips ARE SO GOOD( from an Americans point of view.) Their burger is delicious. Everything is big and worth the price. Their beer on tap is excellent. They have football (soccer) on the TV's. It has a good vibe and the bathroom is clean and easy to locate (the sinks have a paddle thing at the bottom you step on to turn on).", 'Most of the staff reasonable friendly apart from one girl who should not be dealing with the public. Terribly attitude unfriendly and rude, even on a day when the pub was empty (wednesday afternoon 11th Oct). Toilets could do with a deep cleaning. Food reasonably price', 'You come here for the nice atmosphere and the good beer. The surprisingly tasty and rich nacho plate was the icing on the cake tho. Prices were also fine for Paris. If you look for a comfortable place in Paris to drink some pints, come to Corcorans!', 'A very cozy pub, cocktails, snacks and more.\nVery good service and environment.\nThe main space in the entrance, where the bar is located is much more attractive and gives you the correct feeling and pleasure.\nVery recommended', 'Food is nice but the drinks are pricey, even for Paris', "Another great spot to sit on their outside patio and enjoy a drink or food and people-watch.  Happy hour is from 3pm to 8pm, and the drinks are reasonably priced and really good.  My only reason for four stars was they closed the kitchen at 3pm for some reason and we couldn't order food.  The service was excellent with most servers speaking English.", "We were there during our vacation for lunch. The food was delicious, and the service was excellent. I recommend paying a visit there if you're looking for a good place to have a meal while vacationing.", 'DO NOT GO HERE! The waitstaff and bartenders are extremely rude. We stayed approximately 2 hours and could only get 1 round of drinks. The crowds are massive and the staff is lazy, incredibly inept and unable to handle the volume.', 'Had many a pint in this well located a Irish bar over the first weekend of RWC 2019. Great spot to watch the games, the atmosphere is class and the owner is a top man.', 'OBSESSED with this place omg!! the bartenders are literally my favourite ppl on earth, so nice. the beer is amazing, best beer in paris! the blonde girl can draw on guinness foam, v cool. the music is literally my spotify playlist, like almost all of it fr. also never once had to call the manager, but if i did I’d probably love her too!\nnote to customers: order at the bar, what are y’all waiting for sitting at the terrace for 30mins??', "I give 3 stars because of the following. I came on a Friday night on February around 19:30h. It was a good time to arrive: table available while almost full. Lively and international environment. Service was great, staff very attentive. The place inside looks cozy with its vintage stuff, optimal illumination (not bright but not so dark) and nice music choice. However, the only two issues that justify my rate for this comment were: 1) Music too loud (old speaker and pointed directly to the nearby tables) which did not allow the conversation be heard well (even speaking loudly). So I asked the waitress to turn it down at a level that allows talking comfortably. My suggestion was addressed by reducing slightly the sound, but minutes later they turned it up back. 2) The path between the tables and the bar is too narrow. Everyone who seats there (like me) get disturbed by the passing by of customers and staff. Some customers don't mind but others for sure do. Overall the place is nice, good service and prices.", 'Authentic fish and chips is here !!! Great cider and lots of beer options.', 'Brunch no recommended! Only one waitress, slow service , when we asked for 1 espresso and 2 lungo ! She said wow you are so complicated ! And I’m the end she ask for tips! the food was good but no the pain chocolate it was dry, no fresh! the place is nice , things to improve !', 'Top of the Range breakfast 🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪', 'Accueil très sympa, Irish kitchen and beer like over there. So happy.', "If you're looking for a great place to unwind and enjoy some fantastic drinks and food, then O'Sullivans is the place for you! From the moment you step inside, you'll be impressed by the vibrant and lively atmosphere, which is further complemented by the excellent music. The bar staff are friendly and attentive, and the drinks menu is extensive, catering to all tastes and preferences.\n\nAs for the food, it's simply delicious! The menu features a wide range of dishes, from classic pub grub to more refined and sophisticated options. Everything is cooked to perfection, and the portions are generous, ensuring you won't leave hungry.\n\nOverall, O'Sullivans is the perfect spot for a night out with friends, or simply a quick drink after work. With its lively atmosphere, great music, delicious food, and friendly staff, it's easy to see why this place is a favorite among locals and visitors alike.", 'We ordered 2 beers recommended by the waiter which were really, really good and some cheesy nachos; again really gooood and such a big portion for 6€ and tasted amazing. Really nice music and vibe and people working there were really friendly and nice.', 'Wanted to watch football and have a few nice drinks. At around 11pm suddenly turned into a club which was great! Drinks were priced accordingly but everything was fine.', 'Genuinely so much fun! Friends and I  stumbled across this bar that then opened into a club! The waitstaff and bouncers were incredibly friendly and the DJs were fire. Maybe one of the most fun spontaneous bars I’ve been to in Paris', "Nice atmosphere! Outside seating with quite cheap drinks. But the starters weren't the best, with burnt nachos!!", "Arrived at a pub that advertise that the Italy v. Ireland match was on TV with 45mins to spare. We ordered food and drinks and asked about the match. The 2 very young staff members where clueless about the match and how to even to work the TV. The food and Guinness was  was very very poor. They poured the guinness like it was a normal larger and served it up to me with bubbles all over the head.  The WiFi didn't even work. I'm Irish and I am shocked and shamed that this place is representing what an Irish pub is like.\nIt is a complete shambles run by clueless people. Lastly, we had to leave with 15mins to spare to find another pub to watch the match.", 'Cozy and popular pub with good dj and nice music !\nBooming up to 12 am !!', 'Nice atmosphère\nGreat parking space\nWide variety of beer 🍺', 'The owner is really nice. Went with colleagues for afterwork and we were the first to arrive.\nMusic was good, enough to be able to discuss with people in your table', 'Highly recommend this local bar if you are in the area.', 'Best pub in Levallois. Good choice of beers and whiskies. The burgers are good, but they only serve real food at lunch. You can still enjoy charcuterie and cheese in the evening.', 'Little on small side can get quite busy. Little but out of the way. Good selection of beers.', 'Super fast service and delivery of food. Great food to taste and excellent pizzas.  Kid friendly.  Awesome English Beers on Nitro tap', 'Absolutely awesome chief, can talk, can drink, can stay you after closing, incredible!! For sure it will be my best pub for next time in Paris :)', 'Just there for breakfast. So, the order was simple. Orange juice, croissant and espresso. Out of which, croissant was excellent, orange juice was half water and espresso was not one of the best. A smile on the face is probably on the menu as well, which I forgot to order. 😉 No reaction even for my greetings.', 'I went on my own slightly before 8pm on a week night.\nWhile the waiter was a bit cold, the order came in fast for both food and drink.\n\nI got myself a rumsteak with fries and a fancy ice-cream as dessert along a cocktail to start it all.\n\nYhe meat was good, not the finest but a clear cut above many other places I have been.\n\nAll in all a nice place to eat and drink if you are in the neighbourhood.', 'I just visited Corcoran’s pub while in Paris with friends last week and we had an amazing experience. We were served by Calum, a true Irishman who provided excellent customer service. Very friendly and efficient. The location is beautiful and the drinks were superb! I definitely recommend this pub to anyone visiting Paris.', 'Service was great and the bartenders were super attentive and helpful. We came as part of a tour group with the primary objective to play darts, but unfortunately they got rid of the machine much to the chagrin of everyone in our party. The atmosphere was great otherwise.', 'Unfortunately there’s no paper menu and if you have a foreign telephone, WiFi doesn’t work great outside to read the menu. Otherwise food is good, prices are good for that location.', 'A great place to watch sport up on the hill of Montmartre. During the rugby world cup, supporters brought a lot of atmosphere, check out the Scottish supporters here in the video. Beers are reasonably priced and the interior is quite spacious (for Montmartre!)', 'Great atmosphere, amazing choice of beer, super friendly stuff! Love it 😊', 'Nice location and space\nIn the middle of august we could enjoy the terrace located in calm street (at least during august)\nWe have order burguers and the quality is good. Nevertheless a bit too expensive 19eur (just the burguer) , 9eur a beer … in the end we spent 34eur per person for a simple meal and some drinks before\nStaff is very welcoming and calm.\nWorth the experience , but price could be reviewed', 'Lovely beer and the lemonade with ginger is super refreshing. The cheesy bacon french fries is hearty. Would love to go back for more beer. The down point is that the table was not very clean.', 'A great Irish bar to watch all sports, have a beer with crispy fries, in an authentic space with a literary bent (something for everyone). English and French spoken - good service - popular during matches. Close to the metro in the south-east of Paris.', 'Staff are friendly, ambiance is nice. Prices are agreeable. I would return.', 'Beautiful local bistrot with home produced meat. The cooking of the beef was exactly as requested  medium rare. Very frendly and quick service.', 'Lots of fun but on the Saturdaywe went the music was very koud and not my style at all. And I love koud music as I like metal. But this techno is not for me. The beer and tapas together with the amusement were great, so we stayed a good while. A recommendation for socializing.', 'Everything you can expectvin an English Pub', "Toilets are the worst I have ever experienced.  The smell and conditions are disgusting.  The pub needs to sort this out as it's a major problem  easily solved. It shows that their only interest is selling drink and no consideration for the facilities of their customers.", 'What started as a fantastic, relaxed evening took an unexpected turn, becoming an epic party just when we needed it most! The staff were absolutely wonderful, always ready for a friendly chat, and they certainly knew their stuff when it came to rugb', '€1 depo on the plastic glasses but gave back only 20c couldn’t be bothered to argue for the sake of 2 glasses but why be a scumbag about that.  Otherwise the Guinness was well poured location is great and it shows the football. Takes only one bad barmaid to ruin the experience.', "Irish pub only by name. Bouncer and staff are the most unfriendly people ever. Not exactly an Irish welcome! As for the smell of the place, stunk of dead man's feet ! Walked in and was so happy to walk out. Awful, awful bar. Craic was far from mighty.", 'Irish people like this pub - great atmosphere, fine range of beers and excellent Corsican charcuterie', 'Nice pub, with a typical Irish atmosphere. Its location close to the sea and the calanques makes it unique of its kind. A bit expensive though.', 'Beer is tasty, atmosphere is lively.', 'Awesome Irish pub, especially with the navy guys singing their traditional songs which is quite beautiful', 'Great place to have a drink with the best prices at happy hour. The view is just amazing, the service is fast and the ambiance is great!', 'Cocktails and beer and very happy and friendly bar staff! It is very clean and warm! Best DJ ever played the Cranberries "Imagination".', 'Vibey place from where to watch sports. Affordable beer. As long as you like Carlson Lager. Happy hour was 17:00 - 21:00 but that might have just been because the Rugby match started at 21:15.', 'A really festive pub in a beautiful location. We enjoyed a post game vibe for the Rugby World Cup. The pub was well prepared and the service was good.', 'Very friendly and helpful staff. Great prices for Marseille @ €5.20 per pint of Kronenbourg.\nWe did not eat there.', 'Nice and friendly staff! Good beers!', 'Got served beer a plastic glass!\nMy wife ordered a rum and coke that just tasted like flat coke.', 'Great beer, as expected. Poor hygiene, very untidy', 'Ras', 'As usual, top bier.', 'Fx', 'Small but awesome.', 'Good location and atmosphere, good music, nice staff, beautiful view. Downside is that smoking is allowed in the outdoor tent so it’s not pleasant to sit there.', "Good selection of beers. Service was good considering we were there on a stag do. Can only give an afternoon review as we didn't stay until the evening.", 'Great  place to visit  if you want somewhere a little l more vibrant in pointe rouge', 'Nice bar, music is ok. They’re making strong cocktails.', 'Menachko Rijal TAOUKIF', 'Correct', 'Crowded', 'Nice place, good music. On the other hand, they advertised very good mojitos but in fact there are none. And the horror everyone smokes in such a small place, really horrible. 😖', 'We stopped here on our walk around the Old Port and shared a pizza. It was hot, fresh, and came out pretty quickly.\n\nWe also had some PIMM’s Cups, since we realized it was a British Pub. These were better than most of the ones you get in the UK these days, because it had real sugar and not some artificial sweetener. If you are looking for something other than an Aperol Spritz, you should try one of these here.', 'We were looking for some pub food and came here about 5:30 on a Monday, we had to wait till 6pm to get food so we had a beer to wait, we are dirty Americans but the staff was English friendly and helpful.  The fish and chips were good, not over battered and had a good flavor.  They had a big patio area but we are non smokers so we ate inside.  Two thumbs up!', "The Queen Victoria supposed to be a British bar & nothing British about it. Filled with multiple Belgian beers and a few English ciders and ipa. Sat down to watch the arsenal & Manchester United game, the woman with the leopard print skirt walked passed us multiple times and didn't acknowledge us, my partner had to ask for the menu to which she gave us attitude, then took another 10mins to get someone to take our order. Finally after 40mins of sitting there we get our first drinks. Awful service. Big credit to the lad wearing the backwards cap, when he came on shift he attended to us with ease and was polite and interactive. A true gent.", "Not a real authentic British pub but still not bad. It's very expensive however in par with the rest of other local restaurants. (Around €18 for a main) My main was good but the burger was sloppy. Dessert was very tasty. They sell cider and with happy hour (Between 5pm and 8pm) made on tap beer a great price", 'Very nice place. DJ Frank did a wonderful job, I chose a couple song and he played. He made some mix.\n\nThe place is very nice, but the price is crazy, very expensive. 6€ for a bottle of local Cider.\n\nThere’s nice bouncer, they are friendly, I could get inside with cap and shorts. They were very gentleman.\n\nThe bar should invest in some lights for inside. Like some colorful lights, because inside there’s no light.', 'Two shots of Jägermeister for the modest price of 18€, quite crazy!!!', 'Awful. They are thieves . They tried to gaslight us into thinking we hadn’t paid for drinks when we had. Having ordered AND paid with the waiter, we went to chase up our drinks only to be told …. No, you need to pay. Ok, no problem a slight miscommunication no worries we have confirmation on our phones of the payment going through… nope they didn’t care the manager just shouted at us until we felt so uncomfortable we had to leave. Awful experience and feel like we aren’t the only people they will pull this sort of act on. They pray on tourists - do not go!!!!!!', 'Lunch: fish and chips.  Decent . Good service.  Pleasant experience.\n\nNot expensive.   Wine was very nice', '', '', '', 'Friendly place to meet up with friends and have a good time. Top bartenders and quality service! Come back earlier to enjoy the relaxed atmosphere, after 9:30 p.m. expect a slightly more crowded and noisy atmosphere.\n\nYou can meet up around billiards, a game of darts or simply around a good beer...', "Impossible to put 0, too bad! Avoid absolutely! The service is deplorable, it's not at all like before! We are served a charcuterie board not cut or presented and without a knife or napkin! For the not fresh bread, don't be in a hurry either... By insisting, we ended up having them but we were clearly disturbing... Cocktails with water... in short, avoid friends!", 'The service is pathetic it takes more than an hour before someone takes the order we had the drinks another 30 minutes later and one was missing....and the fries arrived 3/4 of an hour then served with a ton of mayonnaise (which we never asked for).\nFortunately, the one of us group was there and made us have a good time.....', 'Apparently there has been a change of ownership because it has nothing to do with the welcome and the service and the quality.\nThe photo of the charcuterie board at €20 served raw without a knife or napkin will suffice on its own!\nLast time for me in this place.', 'We were there at lunch time before the RWC quarter final. We had been promised food at 1pm but there was no service at all until 1:45pm when we could get drinks. Finally the pizza chef arrived and he and his two assistants did a great job, making the pizza and fries quickly, serving them hot and very tasty. The food ordering system is a bit archaic and required patience, but it worked.', "Booked a table 3 weeks in advance. Didn't end up getting it, and they had 1 person pouring drinks, so took an age. Pizzas looked class tho!!", 'Took them a while to get the tvs going, and ridiculous queuing system at the bar which meant you had to pay cash or queue twice as long, it was very busy though. Atmosphere was great.', 'Good pub nice garden area, we were there when the rugby world cup was on but I imagine when less busy it is even better.', 'Food was quite OK but could be better compared to other restos we visited in Marseille. Staff was also fine.', 'Great food and reasonable price. Really good service', 'Came here to have lunch, as the restaurant looked quite nice and the scenery was lovely only to experience the worst level of service ever. Whilst I acknowledge there was a language barrier as we were Australian and they were French which was fine but we felt that the staff (aside from the girl with brown hair) only catered to those who were French, we almost felt as if we were being deliberately ignored because we were tourists. We had to wait 20 minutes for two glasses of Coca Cola and then half an hour just to the order food as the waiters kept walking past us and serving multiple tables to the point where people who arrived much later were receiving their food and eating. The wait for the food itself was also quite long and at times we had to ask the waiter when it was coming. It’s such a shame that this restaurant offers poor service because the food was actually very good and the scenery and atmosphere was nice also. we would’ve gladly left a tip had the service been of a higher standard.', 'Lovely place for a drink and beautiful view! Also turns out to be where they filmed Love Actually - the Colin Firth proposal scene!', 'The only thing better than their service, food and music selection was their 30 taps. Always delicious and always offering you a test sip, you cannot miss at this place. Sadly I was only ever there on Sunday and could only access their brunch menu but if their other food is half as good, your tastebuds will leave satisfied.', "A good selection of beers and prices weren't too expensive.  We just had snack food but the chips and dips were fresh.", 'Looked at reviews and thought it would be a good spot. 9:00 pm. Ordered nachos and burger. Burger bun was stale flavours not great and frits were cold. Nachos is just corn chips with a side of sour cream, watery sauce with a loose Mexican flavour, and guacamole that was very under ripe avocado. Beers are expensive 8-9 euro for 470ml. Beer was ok which saved this from a 1 star review.', 'Amazing selection of beer, the place is really big and it has also a play zone, just right next door you have also great burger, the service is impeccable and you can choose between staying inside our outside, this is just right next to the Centre Bourse Shopping mall.', "Spacious place with attentive staff and (too?) fast service. The hamburgers are succulent, the fish'n'chips are too greasy. But the worst are the fries, too brown and soft. I would have preferred to wait 5 minutes more to have crunchy and golden fries.", "[UPDATE FOLLOWING YOUR RESPONSE]\n\nUpdate “I went to play with my son after 20 minutes since nothing was offered to us, then I went to sit down with him again. Don’t lie and say we weren’t full because we were on a table for 2! We must recognize mistakes rather than lying! And you say that we preferred to leave when you offered to help us?!! Once we were at the door it was too late. Lying is ugly, know that”\n\nObliged to give 1/5 because me and my wife are loyal customers of the establishment.\n\nSo far nothing to say, except that it's been twice in a row that we've been asked to sit at the back of the restaurant alone and only been offered a drink or the menu after 10 minutes.\n\nThe last time, with our young child, no one came to see us for 20 minutes while the waiter who seated us watched us from afar and his colleague walked past us several times.\n\nOnce we got up to leave, not a word of surprise from them except from a woman who came up to us to apologize for the attitude of the team.\n\nThe manager (a bit of a beard, often at the cash register) didn't even have a word while I was explaining myself in the middle of the restaurant with his colleagues.\n\nConclusion: I think that some servers are nice (the typical African gentleman and lady in particular have always been on top), the others careless and surely racist towards North Africans, which seems to be the restaurant's policy.\n\nI do not recommend and will not recommend it again.\n\nAnd there is no need to pretend not to understand, to seem surprised or to make people believe that there is a misunderstanding.", "When I entered I didn't think that the place was going to be suitable for children, the waiter kindly offered us to sit next to the games room, it was perfect.\nVery decent meal, everything was good.\nAnd the icing on the cake, the children's menus were offered, we didn't know it. That is the demand of the people.\nAn addition that is ultimately not too expensive.\nGood place we will come back.", 'Very friendly and smiling welcome from the entire team. Menu with choice for all tastes. Service however quite long, more than 45 minutes of waiting, we had to ask the waitress where our order was because we had to return to work but the taste of my dish made up for this little hiccup. Correct price. Very good discovery.', 'Good Irish pub. Service quite fast, 11,5Eu a pint of Guinness and apple juice. Guinness spilled in a professional way but a little bit acid, maybe there is no such demand and the barrel is some days old.', 'Best burger in my life! Highly recommend this place. I tried blue cheese burger and beer', 'Ordered a classic burger with loaded fries. Amazing and great combo of flavours! Definitely top 3 burgers in my life!', 'This place mostly serves beers/cider/wine etc. but also does a bit of bar food (Burgers mostly).\n\nSlim pickings for vegetarians, be very specific about your dietary requirements otherwise you may not get what you bargained for.', 'Lovely Irish barmaid who made us feel welcome - great experience', 'Awesome live music and staff is super. Thank you for a great evening.', 'Classic, great Irish pub! Missed the live band but even without was fun', 'My home sweet home. The best bar in Lyon. Good people good mood and a lot of fun. You must visits this place !', "Went here for burgers and wings as shown in the pics, but was told they didn't have them.  Not sure if the menu changes daily or not, but was disappointed.", 'Very nice Irish themed pub, rocking on Saturday night, friendly service, enjoyed the Cherry Chouffe beer', 'Nice pub. Air conditioning was amazing as it was hot out. Good selection of beer. Food was nice and staff friendly. Good place to be.', "Even more touristy than your average touristy bar. About 5% of the patrons speak English, Arab, Italian or Spanish but from my experience it's mostly French people who Googled it.\n\nSo they spend a lot of time and money on marketing but not much on customer service, keeping the lines clean as well as the bathroom.\n\nThe worst part was when I started taking pictures some goon tried to make me delete everything. What are you hiding?", 'One beer for 8€ is little bit overpriced in my opinion. But the beer was great and the service was fine too, so 4/5 in overall.', "Terrible place!! Never ever again! If you want to loose your time and good mood, you're welcome here. The place is so poorly managed that we were waiting for our order (was a burger) 1.5 hours!!! The couple close to our table was waiting for their burgers for 2 (!!!) hours. There was only 1 waitress, that served the whole pub (poor girl... she is the one who is facing all complaints of the visitors instead of manager or owner and she even went to buy bread for burgers in close supermarket because the kitchen functions poorly). My comments about the kitchen are indescribable, the burgers are tasteless, without sauces, the vegan burger contains I don't know what... the kitchen itself is close to the wc and while you're watching it, the doubts are coming about sanitary conditions and quality of meat. So, our conclusion is: it would be better not to pay a bill, but to leave the full amount to the waitress that was gentle and was coping with all this mess with a smile", 'Good pub, burger was amazing, freshly made Pattie which surprised me. Good beer and wine selection, staff friendly enough, live sport, outdoor area and ample room inside.', 'Good beer, very friendly owner and good atmosphere. Recommended!', "If you are 'looking for traboules' and find yourself thirsty, this is a good pub for a quick beer. The service is mechanical, neither good or bad.", 'Amazing place. I go there very often. Blanche and miel beer are the best.', 'Cosy little beer bar, big screen tv, fun bartenders, easily speak both english and spanish.', "The place was good but pretty expensive cocktails and drinks except for the beers (during happy hour pint at 5e). Service is pretty fast and we spent there a good time but nothing special for this place (we were only outside and we didn't get inside). We recommend this place for beer !", 'It was very cool night! The atmosphere is already so cool and the people who work there are so nice. I was alone and told one bartender that it was my birthday, after some time they offered me one drink and they also drank with me! We did cheers together ', 'Bar staff were incredible. Looked after thousands of thirsty Welsh Rugby fans all weekend, and kept smiling even when it was 4 deep at the bar. Thoroughly recommend', 'A nice place to come take a drink and dance.\nThe bartender is very nice and the service is fast and accurate.\n\nThe place was packed when we arrived however we were able to find a table to sit after a short time of our arrival.', 'Great place !! Had lots of food and delicious beer 🍺', 'Wonderful starting point for a trip on the Thirst Street. Interesting shots and good beer.', "I was trying to go inside, catching up with my friends who were already there (on Halloween). The guard asked me for my ID, I showed him my INSA Lyon card (I'm an international student). I told him my friends are there, but he asked instead for my nationality while searching me (strangely, why would someone just ask for nationality). I told him I'm Lebanese, so he replied to me that I should call my friends, what?? You searched me man. Why couldn't I enter the bar? Beside that the connection was so poor inside where my friends are, I waited 20 minutes so one of them was able to reply. Of course I told them to leave and we left right after. Shamrock is cool, I've been there many times since last year. But why such guards exist?", "TRASH! They pretend to be an irish but, but it's nothing but a vulgar hidden disco, with high humidity and horrendous odors inside. Avoid at all costs!", 'Fun place, good music and good drinks. Lots of college students especially on the week end and wild parties! Smoking room in the back!', 'Absolutely fantastic! I have never seen such service, so cool decorations, so varied beer and so many beautiful girls in one place. I love this bar! Thank you Vincent for your fantastic work!', 'Good food, great beer. The music is a little loud but the atmosphere makes up for it.', 'Really good ambience, food and drinks. One star because of the server. She told us for no reason, apart from the fact that maybe she doesn’t want to climb up to bring the food up that upstairs was closed, when in fact it was not.', 'I thought it would be a really nice bar to go to with my friends : went there, they let me and some of my friends in, but all of my male friends didn’t make it. Literally felt like I was able to get inside just because I was a girl.\nWe tried again, with a few girls in the group, and again, girls were “accepted” as the boys were told to wait outside.', 'I went to this bar with two friends of mine, I am 21 years old and they asked me for an identity cart. I didn’t have it with me because i usually don’t get asked . I showed pictures of my ID but they didn’t let me take alcohol. Don’t go here please because if you seem younger  than your age they will bully you!!', 'friendly staff, nice beer, happy hour 5 till 8, closed Saturday lunchtime which was a surprise.', 'Great beers, great staff, great music. The place to be! Thanks Aysen for this stunning night!', 'Superb pub! Made everyone welcome and went out of there way to make us feel welcome!', 'Super comfy atmosphere. Nice place to get a good red ale in Lyon. 👌', 'Cosy antique style Irish bar with amazing live music!!', 'Very nice atmosphere and especially the staff, bar man called Neil, is fantastic !', "It's dead, an irish pub should have ambiance. An uplifting and inviting spirit for those who come in, it should be crowded as well. I counted 7 people around midnight in total, this includes the staff. They all watched us trying to enjoy our drink.. The music is english, which we could count as a pro.. on the other side, was the selection horrifying. The only thing that made the 15 minutes worth while spending in this dreadful place was the Guinness itself.", 'Nice drinking  and good  atmosphere', 'The four of us went here on a number of occasions during our stay in Lyon, always a good crowd of people, good selection of ales, lager, and cider, we also had a sharing platter which was excellent value.', 'A classic pub. The decoration is nice but tables are too close to each other, something common in Lyon\'s restaurants. Music is a bit mainstream for my taste but, ok. A wide variety of beers is being served. Pizza is great, specially for pub. I could say that many "italian" restaurants serve inferior pizzas than dam\'s....\n\nService is good and another plus is that you can communicate in proper english. Pricing is very good and if you get there before 18:00 prices are even better (happy hour).', 'Super friendly and great range of beers and cocktails.', 'A great pub for sports of all sorts.\nI wanted to watch the AFL preliminary final, which they had scheduled to be open for & played on most TVs throughout the bar. Others attended who wanted to watch the NRL, which they gladly put onto another TV.\nPrior to the AFL starting they had an India v Australia cricket match on.\nThe food was quite good. I had the Wallace Burger.', 'Great beer selection.  Friendly English speaking staff. Good hamburgers. You do have to wait during peak hours but you will get service.', 'football matches shouldn’t be advertised if then the connection is not reliable, we had to watch a match that was skipping every minute we could’ve gone somewhere else! Argentinian girl I can’t remember the name but she was lovely!!', 'Very busy spot for sports events, great atmosphere. Staff were excellent on both visits, considering how busy they were. Reasonable prices too!', "We recently visited Betty's Bar for lunch. Now I may be slightly biased as I've known the owners for a few years. But the food is fantastic, the beer is delicious, if you love a strong coffee you're in luck and the staff are super friendly. Only issue is the toilet is a little chilly.", "I have been to Betty's Bar several times, but only for drinks. Last night I went for food for the first time and was blown away. Value for money is excellent, and the food was amazing! The Betty's Dog was unreal, bacon was super crispy. Also, the chips (fries) were top notch. Highly recommend for a drink and/or bite to eat.", 'Very delicious food, friendly stuff and a nice atmosphere.', 'Well I’ve visited this place Lyon France 🇫🇷 and I enjoyed every single time', 'Had a great night, live music, good beers, great people, great atmosphere.', "A really nice pub, nice selection of beers and drinks. The crisps aren't too pricey so that's nice. I really liked the atmosphere and the decoration of the place, and the library with English books on the shelves. Overall I'd say that's it's a really nice pub and definitely recommend it. Cheers", 'Couldn’t recommend this place more! Such an amazing atmosphere with such a friendly team. Only authentic English pub in Lyon topped off with great beer and people!', 'Very nice bar with an English theme, reasonably priced pints compared to most other places, friendly service,no wifi', 'Excellent bar near the Confluence mall with good enough drink options and plenty of seating available both inside and outdoors. Staff is courteous and welcoming.', 'The atmosphere is amazing and the bartender Estelle is super nice. Service was so good!', 'Lovely bar with a great beers (it can be better) and drinks, using the name "Peaky blinders" in the bar is a great bet! I feel that still lacks few things, like decoration and music to honor it\'s name, but is in the good way anyway.\nAlso Danna, the lovely bartender make a great work.\nHope to comeback soon.', 'Lovely hole-in-the-wall place with a great bilingual (French/English) bartender', 'Very poor quality for the welsh. Beers very expensive', 'Wonderful service with a Charming waiter Merci', 'Great place, great staff! Shout out to Vincent for the amazing service. Highly recommended!', 'Top!', '"One stop pub ideally located, close to Saone river, and historical center. Nice spot, when I\'m traveling to Lyon! Cosmopolitan atmosphere, without fuss! Dude, here we have beers, ciders and fish n chips, while rebuilding the world within family feel. Staff is caring and cool.Typical setting and good vibes Only..."\n\nHighly recommend!\n\nCheers', 'A casual British pub style bar with a good range of draught beers. We came here to watch a rugby match on TV and the atmosphere was good.', 'I love this place . It is a very nice bar with three floors , the ground level one, the upstairs and the underground , all three very accommodating. I especially like the underground floor. It is very antique and comfortable with sofas and big cushy chairs. Their beers: Amazing! Their cocktails: Amazing! Their planche: Amazing! (the charcuterie is very tasty, very good quality) Their staff: Amazing! They also have hot wine which will be interesting to try (I have not tried it yet)\nI highly recommend this bar . It is one of my favourites!', "Classic English pub.  Watch a rugby match there, great experience. It is a small place though,  so be prepared to be crowded if it's busy.", 'Friendly staff, good service and more importantly, a very delicious burger.\n\nIt’s also very good to watch football matches.. Visca el barca.', 'Best burger in town, price was very decent and it was delicious! Great atmosphere and best service I have ever had although we didn’t get to try brunch this time! Definitely recommend this place❤️\nLater got to try the brunch everything was amazing on the plate.', 'The bartender was super friendly, kind and attentive. He provided some recommendations on things to do and even gave me a souvenir to take home. I would highly recommend this as a low key, laid back place to have a drink. Also good for those of us whose French is not the best.', 'The Classroom is an excellent bar in a great location.  The owner has amazing taste in music and knows how to make a an excellent espresso martini.    Food quality is also amazing.', "Fairly UK looking pub (and it's a pub not a bar) with a decent range of local craft beer in can / bottle along with lots of more normal beers on tap.  Friendly staff, opens all day which isn't common in Toulouse.", 'First rate pub. Happy hour prices are very fair. Guiness is good. Premier League matches on tv.', 'Nice bar with wide variety of beers . The waiter is friendly and provides quick service 🍻', "Very nice pub, good atmosphere and nice service.\nOnly thing that could be better is the size of cocktail. They're very nice but a bit small.", 'Had some supersized burgers, and the fish and chips. The fish batter had mild Indian spices added which was a bit different, but really tasty. Good selection of beers. Would definitely go again.', 'Great food excellent staff... fabulous craic...v relaxed but huge attention to details', 'Fantastic food and great stuff, ambiance.', 'Nice food and good service. Location is basically in a car park, but good location if you are staying at the golf course opposite.', 'I don’t complain about price of food when the quality is good. But 6€ for fries that were sitting in grease and over cooked. No thank you. It’s a nice spot to maybe drink and hang with friends. But I don’t recommend having dinner there. Also it’s a 3 story pub and I had to continuously go down stairs to put it my orders , as there was not 1 waiter/waitress on any of the other floors besides the ground floor.', "We called in on a Monday night, they don't do food on a Monday.\nLimited seating downstairs inside, luckily the weather was good and everyone was outside, there is seating upstairs, which is also where the only toilet is as well. Being an Irish pub they have Guinness on, also Irish Red and some other less well known ales as well. They run a loyalty card scheme, buy 7 get 1 free, given there was 5 of us, we soon earned a free drink.\nAles were well treated and presented, cost was not as much as other places, so all in all not bad", 'Visited on a weekday, a very few people were in attendance. Enjoyed Guinness and blonde on the tap beer. They have good options on the Beer on the tap. There is no much vibe, waiters are nice but could have been nicer. Go there and enjoy your beer. It is open till 1 in night and you can finish your beer calmly.', 'A reasonable Irish pub on the edge of the centre of Toulouse. Lots of outdoor seating and some indoor space. A range of beers including your Irish favourites.', "O'Briens pub is a good place that stays open late, and their non-alcoholic beer is fresh and delicious.", "Don't know about food but sorry beer options available were limited", 'Worthy happy hour 👌', 'Need a good drink and some entertainment?\nThis is your place to go!', 'We spent 2 great evenings watching world Cup semi finals . Ambiance created by rugby mementos and pictures around . Very attentive staff and helpful . Food good . Enjoyed meeting Trevor . Thanks', "Went here for the final day of the 6 Nations and watched all the matches. Although we were a little disappointed there weren't more people in, and the atmosphere was less than we expected, we still had a great day. The food was excellent and the service was great. Elo was brilliant and really looked after us, as did Mathieu. We were hoping to meet Trevor himself, but apparently he was in the Snug. No worries, next time! Hoping to be back for the 7s in May.", 'Trevor Brennans bar and restaurant is a credit to him and his wonderful commitment to France. My Wife and I visited on a number of occasions this month and we were warmly welcomed by Trevor and his wonderful team. Despite our almost non existant French we were treated with great care and respect. This is a lovely place to spend an evening and the local French community have rewarded Trevor with their custom. Every time we visited it seemed to be the social heart of the place. Well done Trevor. Makes me even more proud to be Irish.', "This is the best Brennan's bar I've been in so authentically Irish and great staff and ambience.  Well worth looking at pics on wall if Ur rugby fan like me it's like looking at someone's mantlepiece pics. .I will be back", 'We have visited this place couple of times..one with friend and one our date night ;) Place have both indoor and outdoor sitting arrangements...inside it’s more of music/sports vibes which we have chosen first time with friends and outdoor which is amazing too...too sit,chit chats,chilled air and calm night so can sit comfortably have long conversation sip your wine with great food. They have vegetarian options also like salads,cheesy loaded nachos and burger with french fries 🍟(which is more than enough to make you full) and worth the price approx 12 euros for huge burger plate. We had nice time here 😍', 'Possibly one of the worst pubs I’ve been too. Walked in and the staff were just plain rude. We ordered food with the barmaid and got it wrong when the food arrived, took the food back to the kitchen and when the food was right the waitress gave a basic death stare 😂 isn’t my fault they got it wrong for something so simple for two people.\nGot my food, worst burger and fish and chips. Burger was dry wasn’t even close to medium (which the waitress asked how I wanted it) more well done and a bit more, fish and chips, I have had better in a Birds Eye box from the supermarket and the chips were all burnt. Atmosphere was good with the music, however the amount of cobwebs everywhere was a disgrace to the bar owner, it needs a clean. I never really write reviews, but it was abysmal. We spent €45 euro… on this.', 'I was greeted by amazing people and an amazing bartender. He suggested the best Hamburger. The atmosphere was nice and I like the decoration.\nI will come again.', "Friendly barmaid, walked us through the on tap options. Will say the only downside was the cider somehow had a 'head' but otherwise fine and great value so no complaints.", 'Nice beer-but the pub feels more like a student haunt than a warm, cosy place to meet up with your mates (what a pub is truly): drunk  people shouting inside -and being allowed to.', 'Not that bad a bit small for large groups.\nThe terrace is not fitted as well for many people trying to grab a drink outside.\n\nOne of the oldest pub in Toulouse if not the oldest', 'Good Irish pub with decent screens to watch rugby. Could have a better selection of Irish beers.', 'I went on an evening when Paris and Madrid football teams were facing off. TV at the bar was centre of attention. Very excited crowd. Surprised to find Indian whiskey AMRUT at this bar too.', 'I love coming to the Black Lion when I’m in Toulouse. It’s the only bar that can properly do a Vieux Carré and and Old Fashioned with grace and ease.\n\nGreat pub style seating indoors and amazing outdoor terrace seating when the weather is nice. Food and drinks are on point, offering a mix of Anglo-Franco choices for guests to choose from. The bar is slightly misleading to tourists that it is an Anglophone bar - it’s not and I’ve never received English service. If you don’t speak French staff will middle through with you and are as helpful as possible. The bar staff are also really fun and always happy to try and make cocktails I’ve had in other bars which is a nice touch.\n\nI recommend for anyone in Toulouse. 5/5.', 'A cozy place to drink. They have some nice beers on taps, good cocktails and good shots. We went there on a Sunday night (Not the most ideal day to got to a bar), and there was a quiz there (which was in English). I highly recommend this place which is conveniently located next to the metro/tram station Palais du Justice.', 'Bar staff were really friendly.\n\nBeer selection was good. But they cannot pour a Guinness.', "Good pub serving a variety of beers and cider. There's a large terrace and a lot of place indoors as well. The staff is friendly.", 'Here in Toulouse it is lovely to have a real British style pub.', 'I love this place 🍺', 'Great pint great company', 'Good place to enjoy a beer', "Loved the cozy pub atmosphere. The staff is friendly and helpful. Everyone spoke French and English which made ordering drinks much easier. The old school hip hop music being played was a great vibe for Saturday night. Not sure if it's weekly but a karaoke session started later in the evening with both French and English songs being sung by patrons. It's now a go to spot whenever I am in the city.", 'Nice pub with a good choice of beers and ales. Ideal to watch a match', 'Great british bar in the Heart of Toulouse. Enjoyed watching football', 'Went there on a rainy night. It was not crowded at all but we still loved the vibe. Very English. The beer was great and the service was good too. Would definitely go again another time when there are more people and maybe some live music too!', 'Ordered a 3-course meal and was left waiting 45 minutes for my pudding before I went in to remind the staff, despite the place not being busy! The place is beautiful, but the staff are always talking to each other and slowly serving the customers. Their opening hours is also insane - a supposedly "English" pub which is closed on Saturdays and Sundays?\n\nAs an Englishman, I am ashamed to have this pub "represent" my country.', "If you're looking to be spoken to like a dog look no further. Type of place where you worry if theyre not spitting in your drink.", 'Tasty food and friendly service. Unsurprisingly, the fish and chips was good.', 'They refuse without any alleged reason to serve anything hot after 7pm, no coffee, no tea, no chocolate, even in winter time', "Stade Toulousain : Sunday Night Rugby Game ! 🏉\n\nThe Danu, here we are to enjoy the game with all the drinks and food necessary to make it a memorable night! 😊\n\nA few moments after we were comfortably settled, the nicest waiter in the world offered to take our order for both food and drinks !\n\nPatient and helpful, he took our order with a sincere smile. 😊\nThe drinks were served in no time on the spot while our food followed quite promptly in spite of the rush hour.\n\nWe had the Cheddar burger which was delicious according to my father, the Kentucky (Chicken) Burger was ok for my mum and as far as I am concerned, I liked the generous Goat Cheese salad.\n\nHonest and correct main courses for a pub which we all know are not the place was a gastronomic dinner. Don't we ?\n\nSpecial heads-up again for our waiter who kept a discrete yet professional eye on us all evening long!\n\nThanks to all The Danu team for this casual yet cozy night!\nLooking forward to coming back with my folks or friends for a game or a dart practice 😉", 'There is the possibility to eat a 19.90€ burger plate made of 4 steak hachés (600 grams of meat), bacon, cheese etc with side salad and potatoes, and gain a free pint of beer if you manage to finish it all. How can you not put 5 stars?', "Great taste(s) and Irish vibe. Can't miss. Spent many nights there while I lived in Toulouse. Great location.", 'The best English breakfast in Toulouse', 'Smelly, dirty and needs to be gutted.  So worn it is not fit for use. Bathroom full of flies. Untidy and unfriendly girl at bar.', 'Great little bar - perfect for watching the rugby. Lots of English people and French locals as well.', 'Pints, pints, UK vibe and not (it is in France)... very chill. Very down to earth and near the cartier St Michel. Spent many evenings there in the past....Staff were always sooo great.', 'Grand place, has a dart board and decent range of ales but weirdly not many lagers (their "lager" was really a light ale and too hoppy) but my craft beer drinking friend loved it!\n\nLots of tvs to watch matches as well', 'Great snacks (Haggic crisps!) and beer on offer here - mostly Scottish, Irish and English drinks and snacks. Lots of Brewdog beers on offer, as well as liquors and wine, and they have a huge choice of Scottish and Irish Whisky. Great friendly staff also!', "As a Brit living in Toulouse, I love this place! The atmosphere is fantastic and there's a brilliant selection of whiskies and beers, including several Brewdog beers which are delicious. The food is really tasty too, I especially recommend the cheddar sticks.", "First visit for me to this pub that I had been told so much about. What a pleasure! Superb selection of house beers and elsewhere. Obviously whisky lovers will feel like it's Christmas when they see their selection. I found their burger tonight very tasty and the price/quality ratio is VERY excellent. There were a lot of people tonight and overall atmosphere was very good. Friendly staff as well. Keep up the good work!", 'Must visit! Antoine is the most amazing bartender ever! If you have the opportunity to be served by Antoine then guarantee you have the most fun and amazing night! Yet truly try the whiskey and try the gin. Be happy and enjoy!!!', 'Been here two days, this is by far the best bar we have been in, great bar, great atmosphere quality beer and food snacks…..helped us with a must do list for the city too.\n\nEverything you need, not to be missed 🙌', 'Look right I’m a proper Brit like a proper geezer old school like and I walked around Toulouse all bladdy day and until I found this joint I was like bladdy hell - I was like a fish outta water, a Brit abroad. Look I find the sisters and bladdy hell what more do you need? Broads, darts, and geezas everywhere you look. Long live the queen am I right. X', 'A fabulous warm welcome. Best cocktails. Yummy burgers.  Something there for everyone.  Absolutely worth a visit. I’ll definitely go back there on my travels. And you should too. 🧡', 'I’ve been to nearly every bar in Toulouse and this is easily the best, the manager is a chief and the vibes are impeccable. If you are looking for a good night go here !', 'Old school bar. The atmosphere is greater, music is classic. You can have beer, cocktail and shots. My favorite is Monkey brain.', 'Cool little Irish pub. The beer is cheap and the service is friendly.', "Bartenders are awesome, they don't speak much English but they were really helpful and nice. The music was awesome! They recommended me a place to eat and to drink some local draft beers.", 'My favorite place to grab a beer with friends', 'The drinks were ok, but the servers - while the place was almost empty - were extremely slow and not particularly kind. An app is theoretically available to pay through QR code but was not working: even to pay at the counter, I had to wait about 10 minutes. I won’t be back!', 'Terrible service.\nTerrible food.\nTerrible prices.', "Nice decor. Gets very busy so service can be slow but staff try very hard - no blame here, I wasn't in a hurry. Food is pretty good for busy big pub", 'Merciiiii\nLENA, SUPER SERVICE', 'Great pub. Went here with a few work colleagues for the first time today and I was pleasantly surprised by the quick service and friendly staff, will definitely return here soon.', 'Came for desserts, and we had to wait for a while until one of them placed us.\nOutside while we wanted inside, but there was "no place". Why not.\nAfter that we had to wait again for him to clean the table, which could have been quick but I guess he didnt want to as it was getting late and he was tired.\nAnd then he disappeared, never came back to our table to take orders.\nWe saw him and another colleague, and I waved them to signal that we were ready to order and one of them waved back while going inside. And he disappeared to.\nSo after 10~ min waiting at our table we figured that we were never going to see them again so we left. Only to find them smoking at the entrance. So yeah nice late expérience.\nI finally went to les 3 Brasseurs. So should you. It\'s basically the same thing except for staff 😉', 'Ignored by staff for 15 minutes. Went to bar band ordered a beer and then ignored another15. Manager interceded. 4 calamari rings were 5 euros. They were unimpressive. Ribs were...meaty but bland. Waitress then threw out half the order instead of putting in a doggy bag, said "oh, its too late". The beer was good  1 beer, 4 calamari rings and half an order of ribs 30 euros.', 'The food is amazing ! truly one of the best restaurants in Labege\nThe waiters are nice\nHowever, I would recommend lowering the volume of the music which can be at bit loud at times', "Not sure what year these guys think it is. €15 minimum to use a card. Didn't have enough cash so had to leave. Might explain why the Irish bar up the road was packed and this one had about 4 people in it", 'Live music, reasonably priced drinks and they accept card. Its a compact little spot but you should be fine finding seating', "Now this is probably one of the very best pubs I've ever been to - anywhere in the world! Perfect environment, friendly atmosphere and then of course Rhian in the bar. Thanks for a really great evening!", 'Cheap (for Nice) and great drinks! The bartender Tomas is fantastic and they play good music too!', 'Home from for anyone from Galway. Kevin runs a wonderful welcoming establishment and serves a decent pint of Guinness. If your in the area I highly recommend dropping in.', "It doesn't matter where you go in the world, there's always an Irish pub. Watched the France - Uruguay match. Great night. Poor bar man was rushed off his feet.", 'Great little sports bar near the marina, the owner runs around like a mad man serving drinks, they showed the rugby. Very good pub.', 'Head bartender was amazing so kind and friendly and overall pun just had a great vibe', 'Went here 2 nights in a row, ate tonight, great food, great drinks menu and the waiters are very friendly and efficient.', "Came here for the Sunday Roast and the F1 screening - it was pretty busy inside since Ma Nolans screens most sports/races/matches.\n\nAmazing Sunday Roast !! If you're a Brit looking for your sunday roast fix in the south of France, this is a great place to have it. The day we went, it was roasted pork - super tasty.\nCan't wait to try the Irish Breakfast!\n\nGood service - even though the place was busy.", 'Great beer and lovely location. Did not get 5* as service seemed slow with customers very patiently waiting to be served. The staff were friendly and hard working. Just needed a few more of them in the evening time to keep things moving.', 'Great spot just looking out onto Nice port. We had lunch and I had the nachos which were gluten free and my partner had the BLT, both were really nice.', 'A home away from home you could describe this place. We went on two separate nights and the vibe was good. Drinks are reasonably priced with good service. Definitely worth a visit', 'This review is for the owners of The Snug and Cellar. You have a lovely bar that we’ve enjoyed for a decade. We will not be back. Yesterday, a staff member taught a master class in “How to lose a regular.” Ironically, it was a teachable moment I fear was lost on the young man. We were accused of skipping out on the tab from our previous visit. Mercifully, we had paid with a card and quickly proved our innocence. We received no apology for the mistake. That was not the problem, however. An apology could not have salvaged the situation. The accusation was the problem. To call someone a criminal…in public, one had better be damn sure a crime has been committed. We left the disputed amount as a tip on on what will be our final visit; that is, we left the cost of our business.', 'An excellent Irish pub. Lots of expats and people to talk to. Great atmosphere, awesome staff.', 'Lovely pub in the middle of old Town. You will meet Americans and Canadians that are very friendly that visit nice for months on end. The Cobble stone pathways and shops are very nice. Everything that you would expect from France', "Wayne's Bar is a gem that stands out for its exceptional service and vibrant events. The attentive staff goes above and beyond to ensure a top-notch experience, creating an inviting atmosphere for patrons. The quality of service truly sets Wayne's Bar apart. Additionally, the diverse range of events hosted adds an extra layer of excitement – from themed nights to live entertainment, there's always something happening. It's the go-to spot for those seeking not just a drink, but a memorable and lively outing. Cheers to Wayne's Bar for delivering a fantastic pub experience!", 'Great atmosphere both times I visited. The  live music, by small local bands played the top songs of popular culture and constantly engaged the crowd. Experience is loud and engaging. The drink prices are extortionate however with one Jaegerbomb costing €9. Other than that and the beer soaked floor (of course to be expected) it is more than worth visiting this venue when in Nice or visiting the Old Town specifically.', "We were in Nice and having checked out of our apartment we had quite a few hours to kill.  Luckily the Wimbledon men's final was on so we wanted somewhere to have a meal and sit and wait for it.  I googled 'sports bars Nice' and was surprised only a few popped up. Ed  Obviously watching sport in a bar is not a big thing.  Anyway Wayne's in the Nice old town looked to be in a good place for us.  We went an hour before and a good job.  It was quite quiet so we had some food but by the time our food arrived the place was nearly full.  The food was amazing and very reasonably priced.  Great service, got to watch the match (well the first 3 sets) in a great atmosphere.  I'm not one for going to English/Scottish/Irish bars when abroad, I prefer a more local experience, but on this occasion, when we were already on our way home Wayne's helped make the journey back a much better experience.", "First visit to Nice and first place we went into. Kept going back as we really enjoyed it. Personally I thought this was one of the more functional bars I've visited in a long time. We were mostly at the bar and the staff were great to us and remembered us for each visit. Happy to celebrate party of my birthday here as it felt right at home. Music was good. Usually caught the warm up band but didn't really stay for the late night music.  Great place in our book! We hope to visit again.", 'Australian themed pub restaurant near the Promenade. Everything is decent....the beer, the food, the service, even the atmosphere. Considering the other themed places in the area are some real clunkers, this is high praise! There are also multiple televisions playing a variety of sports. The beer is the star of the show here with a good selection of different beers to choose from.', 'Great vibe, super nice staff, drinks of high quality! Atmosphere in the pub is like you are out of Nice. I loved it so much!', "Quite nice atmosphere during the rugby match, but can't get the point, why I was charged 18,40€ for two beers, which cost 7,90€ and 8,40€. First I thought there is some deposit for those plastic cups, but waiter told me otherwise. Also, we spend more than two hours there without getting any attention of the stuff in contrary to French people sitting next to us, who were asked by waitresses regularly. Maybe they just don't like foreigners, I don't know.", "Horrible experience yesterday at this place after a waiter spilled 2 glasses of Baileys coffee cocktails on me literally. Ruined my evening. The 2 stars are for our lovely waitress who made sure we got everything we asked for and also that I receive a discount for the mess her colleague did. It is mostly a sports bar, so not my kind of place, the food was very bad also, tasteless (except for the appetisers which were quite good) and the drinks are worth it only during happy hours. Little alcohol in them, lots of ice and that's it. Very disappointed, will not come back! 😞", 'Just walk past…we should have done. Beer tasted like it had been poured in to the glass through an ashtray. Nice view, but you can get that for free.', "I've been in le phare twice this week while on a trip to nice.  I've drank her numerous times over the years when in villefanche but today I left after having encountered what i can only describe as the rudest young girl ever serving in a bar.  I had 1 pint and myself and my wife left,  when paying by card she asked for cash,  i said I didn't have any she replied if your coming back next time bring cash i told her I won't be back and that her attitude stinks  good luck with this star employee", 'Been numerous times over the years but today i was astounded by attitude of girl serving.  Needs  instruction on how to serve customers as she is very rude and has now lost 2 customers and im sure we are not the only ones if this is how she deals with people.  Other staff have been friendly enough on all of our other visits.', 'the hot dog was made from the cheapest bun (baguette) and smeared with not tasty ketchup and mustard, the sausage was terrible, just disgusting in taste, I tried to eat the bun without it, but it was also bad because of the taste of cheap ketchup', 'Drinks were good, and service was quick, nice atmosphere.\nFood was mediocre at best, and we waited - literally - 75 minutes for 4 burgers.\nIt seems the kitchen is unable to keep up with the demand of their huge patio seating area.  Tables around us had the same complaint.\nCome here for a drink, but do not eat here unless you don’t mind waiting a long time!', 'I Love this pub, a good amount of different beers and the prices are good!\nEspecially the happy hour 17:00-21:00 is insane with very cheap prices for cocktails en special beers.\nThe vibe of this pub is very chill and everyone is enjoying their night here.\n\nThe service is sometimes a little slow, however i dont really mind to wait.\n\nSo you will find me once a week at akathor🤘', "They stay opened late. It's always a good time here. Plenty of drink options and seating. Upstairs gets sauna hot but the AC helps manage it better.", "They had a happy hour till 9pm with pints of Stella at 4€ and Mojito at 5€. Service was terrible. Waiter was rude and inconsiderate. He cleaned the table throwing all the scrums on my friend's lap.\n\nSorry for him but the singer wasn't the best we had heard. We wouldn't go back to this place.", 'Popular bar to watch sporting events (very lively for the Rugby World Cup) or people watch outside. Good friendly atmosphere with a large range of beers. Attentive bar staff and quicker to be served at your table than wait at the bar.', 'This place is great! We actually stopped here twice while on our vacation in Nice. The service was friendly and the drink selection was amazing. This is nice and tucked away in old Nice and made for some great people watching.  Drinks were served with fresh olives and there was very little wait to get out drinks out. Highly recommend spending some time here and just taking in old Nice!', 'Popped into this bar twice during happy hour during our stay in Nice. The beers were cold and reasonably priced, and my wife enjoyed the $5 euro mojitos. Atmosphere is great, fantastic place to have a pre dinner drink and watch the world pass by the lanes adjacent.', 'Best bistro in Nice ! Food is just mind blowing delicious. Our waiter was super nice and helpful 👍 5* is not enough for this place 7* is more accurate!🍻🍷🥃🥂 awesome interior design 👏', 'Great live music that lured us into the bar (one star for that). Margarita was super expensive (14€) for what it was. It tasted like there is no alcohol or lime. Just sugary water.', "Great location, nothing else going for it. Terrible service, bar was covered in empties, only older couple serving who were overloaded. My wife ordered a glass of Rosé wine, it was like paint stripper. Surely a criminal offense in this part of France! Go to Wayne's next door, like night and day", "Very rude employee who made us order something even though we had already ordered. They didn't gave us coffee, a very simple request from our part, and demanded for we to order a drink or to leave the establishment.\n\nDo not recommend at all! See the other bars around it, there are better options.", "Absolute rudest group of servers I’ve ever encountered. Insisted we buy a $7 coke to use their bathroom… okay so we did that. Then they said only one person could use the bathroom for one drink. Then they proceeded to yell at us when we asked politely if they could make an exception. Totally bizarre. I've honestly never experienced such a hostile angry group of people.", 'We ordered the XXL nachos, which on the menu recommend it to be shared between 3 people, but to be safe, we ordered 2, so we tried them and a recommended cocktail. The food quickly arrived, but to our surprise, it looked like a kids\' meal, and the cocktail was, in my opinion, 60-70 percent ice. When we tried to complain, we were ignored. A friend of mine ordered water but got "cranberry juice," which we later found out they had put alcohol in. Very disappointing experience will not return', 'We have come here twice in 3 days! Fabulous cocktails and generous meals with friendly service and reasonable prices. Great experience!\nThe mojitos are huge and refreshing!\nGabrielle was especially friendly!', 'Cool looking bar in the old part of Nice serving American style food. Unfortunately the service on the day was a bit lacking. They seemed a bit understaffed for the number of patrons there. On a more positive note the Mojitos were great and reasonably priced. During happy hour they are only €4.90. Outside those hours they are €6. We shared  the Tex Mex plate between two, which was quite generous.', 'The food portion was not big, the quality also was not awesome, but for sure delicious food in this price range.\nThey also only had one waiter which was not enough for this very busy time\n\nIn general, highly recommended', 'Traditional Irish pub located downtown Nantes. The staff is very friendly. The decorations are typically Irish, and there is a wide variety of beers. The food is very good, too. A terrace is available on sunny days.', 'As soon as I stepped foot in this establishment, I felt home. Our server ziryan was kind caring and cheeky, exactly what we had anticipated before embarking on our journey here. Pints were scrumptious and the craic was at an all time high and we delved into a few games of snooker. The toilets were so clean that when I split my pint on the floor I slurped it up instantly.', "Probably the best Irish pub I've ever been to.\n\nGreat selection of beer and Whiskys. Bar server was extremely engaging as well.\n\nBar top imported from Ireland and right in the middle of the city. Clean and well kept.\n\nGood to see owners doing the right things. Keep up the good work.", 'Bar is pretty good but can you please put the sound on for the Japan v England game. Half of Ireland here supporting Japan and the bar is playing bad music instead of the game. We are all in Nantes for the rugby!!!!', 'Found this Peter Mccools. real Irish pub, food delicious, service friendly. and quick. Speakers great for music and Rugby TV. Seating inside or out. Lots of lovely pictures on walls. Bumped into manager Alexi. So sound ☘️☘️.', "The best worst name for an Irish bar ever created, probably some French person got drunk on Guinness and decided to open a bar having never been to Ireland, while locked (that's what Irish folks call drunk) shouted Peter McCool is a cool sounding name for my bar, I am certain some well informed helpful soul said sounds Scottish to me buddy, but he was locked and did give two shi*s. Thus Peter McCool's was born, that said it wasn't bad spot and they stuck the Rugby on outside, Guinness was passable, which in France is a small miracle, food also OK and staff were friendly, worth a visit if looking for a slice of home or the rugby.", 'In four nights in Nantes we came here twice. It’s bar food, but it’s well prepared and the staff is super friendly.', 'Really nice staff here. bar staff told us where to visit and told us which tram to get to the nantes game.nice vibe in the bar showing all the sports lots of tables outside.cant  recommend it highly enough great Guinness and cider too but the owner and staff were the nuts', 'Very nice pub with excellent service and outdoor tables.', 'Staff were very friendly and professional. Great fun as well.', 'Very friendly spot, on street seating, good beers!', 'Very nice bar, with friendly waiters/bartenders!\nOn the ground floor you can find an electronic darts game and upstairs a room with a billiards table 🎱', 'Great range of beers!\nGreag service and english speaking bartenders.\nWatched Spingboks vs Australia, the pub was very quiet and had about 2 other people watching sport. Local games are probably a better vibe.', "Went to nantes to watch a football game stumbled across this bar. It definitely made our weekend great bar. Great service staff couldn't have been nice to us. Super freindly place staff gave us great local tips of were to go and what to see and gave us easy directions for tram on match day thanks again and hope to see ye again", "Great Irish bar. Called in last night for a few beers ..Made very welcome by Dave and staff..can't wait to return in the future.Cheers Dave UTV", 'We had a layover while waiting for the trip back home to Sweden. We found this place by pure chance. Nice and relaxed place, good beer and superb staff, will not drop any names, but it starts with  an F. We had a few beers an some good laughs. By the way, the staff speaks english, for those, like me, who doesnt speak french.', 'A good Guinness.\n\nNice staff and a lovely bar with rock music. Brings back memories.', 'Good cider and surprisingly for france, very quick serving beer lol.', 'Really large choice of tap beers and other drinks. The location is perfect for group gatherings, inside there is enough space as well as several tables outside for the smokes. The hunger can be fed by several cold dishes with cheese, ham, sausages, etc. The toilet is clean. Everything looks good, but it still missing some charm.', 'An amazing bar, the staff were friendly and chatty and people from all over the world visiting plus lots of locals. Great for a solo traveler.', 'Top', "Great restaurant and service! Called at almost 11pm on a Thursday evening, they kindly agreed to welcome us to eat, the kitchens are open until 11:30pm. The food is excellent, I've been out a lot lately and I haven't eaten so well for quite a while, there were 2 of us and there wasn't a crumb left until the salad dressing was made. I'm thinking of sherry vinegar, delicious... Our dishes were friendly as was the service. A very pleasant woman who knows the job, very professional and the service was impeccable. (Order just 1 dessert, no need to ask for a 2nd spoon, among other things) It's the details that make the difference. I wanted to congratulate the cook, he had finished his work, he came to our table to chat and was also very friendly! I ended up offering them a drink because the place is so nice and it’s the people who make the place! For meat and beer lovers you won't be disappointed, meat maturing room and it's a pub so they also serve good alcohol. Personally I had a beef bourguignon and my friend a steak! It was really good!!! Surprising discovery because unfortunately a little hidden by the white square (a franchise that is not worth half of it). The town hall did not want them to put up signs to indicate them from the street and that’s a shame! I understand the negative opinions regarding the doorman, who upon arriving told us that we had arrived a little quickly, but we should not take this into account, he is a real bouncer of the nightlife, you can feel it. You should know that it is very useful, it is a pub bar, people can easily get tipsy in this kind of place but thanks to this the place is friendly and not a bar pillar spot. Firstly, he was probably right to warn us and secondly, you should know that there are a few travelers who hang out in St Herblain so he does his job very well if necessary. He is neither racist (being black himself) nor unpleasant, but just a bit of a bear, from another culture. I never took it badly and it's pretty cool. Thanks to Leene and Nicolas for their kindness and conviviality! Place to make yourself known!", 'Wanting to have a friendly time with colleagues, the bouncer welcomed us with no friendliness and wanting to show himself superior to the customers... we did not react to these comments.\n30 minutes later, he returned to the charge once again in the same state of mind.\nWe decided to leave the place after that.\nVery unfortunate because the place is very nice and the menu is tempting.', "I discovered this pub one evening by chance, since then it's a must-visit whenever I'm near Saint Herblain: the 2 waitresses are great, the music is great, good menu. Guaranteed atmosphere. Discover and return! 😀", 'The best pub in Nantes with exceedingly good Guinness and warm welcome.\nA must.', 'Love this bar.  Great selection of beers on tap. Came by on a Tuesday night and was helped by a fantastic bartender. She not only was informative with the drinks but helped my father in law find a nearby accessible toilet. Five star service!', 'Very good bar with a nice ambiance', 'I only passed it . Looks nice from out side.', 'Great pub with great service from Val', 'Great music ! (Hard rock, metal...) Bartenders and people are very nice 🙂', 'Staff are the best, customers are friendly a very nice place to relax with a drink', 'It looks as if the staff prevents people from dancing within this rocknroll bar... such a shame, you should go somewhere else', 'Not a genuine Irish bar - We arrived @12:30 after travelling specifically to the Black Shelter from the stadium ( after the Ireland vs Tonga rugby world cup  game ). The bar was advertised as being opened until 1am but the staff were unwilling to serve drinks to us and multiple other fans as they arrived, despite the bar being half empty!!\n\nCustomers in the bar even appealed on our behalf to the bar staff to accommodate us given the fact that we walked to the Black Shelter from the stadium in Irish jerseys rather than going downtown to other Irish bars, but the staff had zero genuine interested in accommodating us despite it being such a significant Irish sporting event in the area. Would avoid at all costs in favour of authentic Irish bars downtown we went out of their way to ensure to welcome us.', 'Good pub with nice food and a nice personnel', 'Concert Lesdeuxluxes Topissime', 'I phoned to make a booking for 2 people saterday night 19 45  in the restaurant, good job I did as no room at 20 00 hours we were staying in a hotel near by, food was very very good, a good choice of food fair prices staff were very good and freindly, there is a pub area as well worth a visit not many places to eat in walking distance from the hotel', 'Nice place to sit outside and watch people go by. Friendly staff and an okay whiskey selection.', "This bar is small but one of the few really Irish pub I could find in Nantes. Really good biers, lot of whiskeys, and darts to play.\nThe bartenders are OK, nothing super.\nThey don't have food to serve, they only bad point.", 'The bar is very charming, you can sit with your friends, play board games, darts. the barmaids and bartenders are very friendly. Cherry in top, They make great Irish coffee!', "Every Sunday there's a group of musicians coming and playing Irish and other folk songs, a hootenanny of sorts, and the ambiance is simply amazing.", 'Nice bar, great quick service and an all-around friendly mood.', 'Simpas', 'Nice little bar for a quick drink with friends. You need to order at the bar yourself :(', 'Good atmosphere, and very tasty beer', 'Good irish pub with it atmosphere. I wish they do happy hour 😅.', 'Good pub with good selection of beers! Really good service too!', 'Nice place to chill out', 'Pretty common Irish style bar, too noisy for me', 'Best bar ever ! 👌', 'This pub has nice terrace with view over the river. They could have more pubsnacks on the menu. The menucards are quite sticky to touch. At night it must be a good place to be.', 'Lovely! Nice location, nice people.\nGood prices!\nI suggest this place a lot!', 'They don’t let black people in.', 'Amazing food and the service is incredible and very efficient', 'Very good restaurant!\nThe food was very good, the staff was very helpful and the atmosphere was great.\nI really recommend it', 'Good beer, great atmosphere, great vegetarian salad.', 'Top service nickel', "Excellent service, friendly staff and choice of drinks. Try local cider here on waiter's recommendation.", 'Very disrespectful and abusive staff.. I do not recommend this place. Quite discriminatory | Meseros groseros, abusivos y homofóbicos. Lugar poco recomendado', 'Great bar, good music. Recommended.', 'You can find Guiness beer there.', 'Thank you so much for our experience, your service was very kind and friendly - your server praised my efforts at speaking French and that made my day! She was also very happy to speak English which was very helpful. We hope to be able to come again!', 'We had a lovely lunch at Au Bureau. My partner had one of their burgers and said it was the best burger he has had in Nantes. I had the macaroni and cheese, and while it was delicious, I found it expensive for what it was (13 euros, if memory serves). But the British pub atmosphere was great, our waitress was lovely, and the location was top-notch, as well. Would dine here again.', 'Visited Saturday 15th for lunch.\nThe staff are really happy and friendly and made us feel very welcome.\nThe burgers were delicious.', "Chain restaurant similar to a Friday's in the USA.  Took quite a long time to get our food after ordering. It's popular during lunch so this might have been an isolated incident. Normal pub fare with a French twist. Large burger selection.", 'Great selection  of beer and ale not the cheapest', 'Great fun 👍', 'Great can and draft selection.\nA bit pricey though', 'Best craft bar in Nantes!', 'We spontaneously came across this spot and were wonderfully surprised by the food, beer and service. Very kind staff that accommodated us at the end of lunch time. We tried all the items on the lunch menu and enjoyed everything. Grateful that they accommodated us with a baby.  Recommend!', 'This place is well rated but I can not lie about my experience. Maybe I had bad luck ? Whatever, i share my experience.\n\nI ordered three meals. All of them were disgusting. The choripan was cold and very old. I had to throw it away. The bruschetta was tasteless and fluffy. The houmous was not that bad but it was not houmous.\n\nSorry, I don’t recommend this place.', 'Fantastic selection of beers, and a very tasty menu that is regularly updated. Super friendly service as well!!', 'Great place with a cool team of bartenders.\nThe variety of craft beers and spirits is amazing.', 'Friendly, great burgers, good beer, English speaking staff, fun atmosphere, bar you can sit at when alone.', 'Great food and drinks, best pub in Nantes.', 'A lot of beers. Good prices. Interesting ambiente', 'Cosy bar with a large selection of beers.', 'Irish, English, American beer\nChoices. Staff non engaged while\nI was there.  Sat outside in a warm day.', "This is a superb pub and unlike many others the Manager and his wife run the place like a family. Really friendly. Guinness and toasties. Innit. Here's a happy Chinese tourist after the World cup result.", 'Home from home, great pub in the middle of Montpellier. If you love football, alcohol and a game of darts or pool then this place is a must', 'Nice place next to the main church in old Montpelier. Irish themed and lots of sport on the many TV,s. Staff friendly and speak English. Nice drop of Guinness. Does nice toasties too if you fancy a quick nibble.', "I wished they would be open every day. They have lovely live music, the staff is amazing, the food is prepared with a lot of love as well. They made some specials for us, because we're vegan. And if you enjoy shisha, they have a lot of tobacco choice as well, even when it's off season. There is nice outdoor seating, but inside it's very cosy as well. This place is such a wonderful surprise :)", 'Nice little bar for a sport match, the place is always cheerful and has some good tunes.', 'Just went there on not so crowded Sundays nights. Bon accueil et endroit attachant', 'nice atmosphere.\nnice irish pub, with several concerts very often at nights', '', '', 'Great pub to watch sports with a great vibe. Shout out to the two bar tenders making cocktails - managing the lines perfectly and working with efficiency!', 'On the day we were there we unfortunately could not get a burger because the book was not there but the personal was extremely friendly and offered us some French fries with our drinks. The location is very nice.', "In the beginning I was loving it because it's one of the few places in the area open on Sundays and the atmosphere looked great. The cocktails were good, the Caipirinha can definitely be improved. But the service was just  detrimental. First the menu QR code didn't work and then the waiter shows us that it was our Android phones because his iPhone did work. Then we bring a picture of the gigantic menu hung at the entrance and he tells us that's the old menu without yet providing us with an updated menu. And then when he brings my Caipirinha, I confused it with another drink of my friends and he looks at me like very unkindly. 🤷", 'The barman was really friendly, the tapas is actually surprisingly good, satisfied with my cocktail but it’s too crowded so hard to have a conversation', 'Nice to stop there with friends and when they play music as well it is just great. Not easy to access without a car but worth it as the staff is amazing. I recommend to share happy times , parties, and cocktails are awesome .', "If you are a salsa dancer or a lover bachata, you will like this place, sometimes on thursday night they have free classes and after 22h it's free dancing.\nThey have cocktails, snacks and non-alcoholic drinks too.\nTramway station isn't really closer.", 'Great pub with spacious outdoor sitting area!I loved the platter but didn’t go crazy for their beer. Lovely and available staff in a casual atmosphere.', 'Now you have to pay 2 euros to dance Latino on Saturdays, but the ambiance is really good and is comfortable to dance', 'Great little pub with table football and a pool table! €3.90 for a pint of French beer, Mützig - cheapest we found in Montpellier!', 'Amazing atmosphere, the staff was great and there is space enough to be with large groups. \U0001faf6', '€3.90 a pinte, nice surroundings and good service. What more could you want?', 'Nice place with multiple games that u can try. Sit outside it’s much better.', 'Excellent choice of beers and friendly staff.', 'Nice pub to drink a cold beer. Kind staff. When you are inside seems to be in UK it s absolutely a wonderfull traditional pub. If you love sports there are big TV screens to watch your favourite team!', 'Cheap drinks, great service and atmosphere.', 'Great service, good mood and delicious drinks. Been here a couple of times watching F1. Definitely coming back.', "The Beehive\nFancy a cup of Joe or want to grab a drink in a little slice of a British paradise?\nThe Beehive is our favourite place for whatever time of the year we are in MPL.\nFull of beans for a full English? Bullseye! Tastes as good as it looks! Want a treat for the eyes? Always in a mood for good food? This is the place to be; mouth-watering dishes, every choice a delight for your taste buds! Mash and pie? Yummy! Fish and Chips? I call dibs!\nEnjoy a dessert? A palate-tickling bite of the cherry every time! Cheerful atmosphere, superduper staff, typical decoration like a home away from home and even the music puts a smile on my face! This chef's kiss in MPL we already miss! We will be back soon at the bee's knees!", 'They say that this place serves the best Cesar salad for a reason, it is really good. The fish cake salad was also phenomenal. White wine was surprisingly (considering the price) really good as well!', "We had a delightful fish and chips dinner during a busy Friday happy hour. The service was quick and friendly, and the food was tasty. We finished the meal with a portion of sticky toffee pudding that was generous enough for two. We'll be back.", 'Simple but good pub grub. A friend and I popped in on a whim and enjoyed our meals. Cheeseburger for her and fish n chips for me. The price was good and service pleasant.', 'Lovely place, crowded with good atmosphere any night of the week', 'Excellent! Good ambience and live music', 'Too crowded', 'Good place', 'Nice "British" style pub in France! Good food - big portions. Great service too!', "I give 4 stars for the location and the interior Design...food looks good but tastes very very normal 🤷🏻\u200d♀️...not fair for the prices! High prices poor food quality. For 18€ a very normal and not tasty burger it's to much! I remember i had tried burgers from Macdonalds and they was much better than yours. Sorry for being honest!", 'Nice place,good tasty food', 'Top staff!!\n\nHaving had a resto for years, I can tell it\'s pretty unusual to have a strong company culture and service deep within the team!\n\nWell done to the team and management!\n\nFood was good and super fast.\n\nReally surprised, luckily I got "bounced out" from the resto right in front "Casa Inesa" 👎👎👎so "Thanks to them"  I discover this place.', 'I just dropped into this place, and decided to have a traditional French dish - chips and guacamole!!!  But, they put such care into making these, I asked the server to compliment the chef - they would have been lavish in San Diego!   They have a decent "vin ordinaire" and while the wait staff is insanely busy, I felt very well attended.  So, out of my four nights in Montpellier, I chose to go back there again!  This time, roasted cheese with honey, and a plate of sausage - but with their additions of bread and tomatoes and cornichons and walnuts and croutons - I had a wonderful feast!!   I highly recommend this restaurant and I will be returning!', 'It’s ok.  They serve a decent coffee here.  They serve a reasonable croque monsieur as well.  Service is a bit uneven though and the prime location is factored into the price.   It’s an ok touristy place.', 'Only had drinks. Excellent service. Drinks were good.', 'Great food and drinks! Thibault was a legend and very helpful!\nWould recommend going here if you want some decent feed. Thanks again Thibault!', "We discover by chance to stop for a cocktail, it's a treat, at the corner of the port and the fountain, the cocktails are delicious and the welcome so warm. Pleasure!", 'Nice place, relaxed atmosphere and delicious cocktails', 'Good value for money for the charcuterie and cheese board, good choice of cocktails but a little expensive. Nice atmosphere on the port and with live concerts.\nThe menus deserve to be cleaned, they are dirty and sticky...', 'Great evening with delicious ice cream cocktails and great service\nTo absolutely redo', 'Had the fish and chips and the daily special being the octopus salad. Definitely recommend. Great flavor. Affordable, and easy to pay. Would go again.', 'Exceptional place, great service, big portions, tasty food and amazing wine', 'Went here with my wife, son (11) and our small dog. Great service, bilingual, happy crew. Food was excellent and array of craft beers to envy! This is everything a no fuss European food restaurant should feel like and be. Go and enjoy.', 'A nice restaurant with both fresh and tasty food, and a excellent service. We were guided to a table despite being 4 in a sunny sunday without reservation. And the waiter was friendly, respectful and thoughtful. The only slight issue was the little room we had around the table.', 'Everything was really nice!\nThe hamburger was so good and drinks also!\nAll the staff was very friendly and helpful! We will back soon ☺️ thanks .', 'We come late looking for a night cup/ one last drink before bed while comming from the beach. The place looks good, u can play some games and order nice drinks while seating inside or out and having a nice vue. It was fun.', "22:05 arrival. Paying evening at the entrance €10 per person. Early evening and we are informed that hibiscus cocktails are not available. After more than an hour of waiting, only one cocktail served out of three ordered, a poor mojito cocktail that doesn't look like much, a beginner waitress alone when everything is full on the terrace, although friendly she is totally overwhelmed.\nVery bad experience, the time is very long when watching the other tables being served.\nReroll to get the cocktails several times. 11:43 p.m. still waiting for cocktails.\n11:46 p.m. arrival of the last two cocktails finally offered by the manager to apologize. Virgin mojito passion and bramble ordered, finally two classic Virgin mojito after 2 hours of waiting...\nBrief..", 'I went to the afro brunch a superb good atmosphere, chill music a menu full of flavor good concept. Awesome team.', 'Thoroughly enjoyed the food there! The workers were really kind and helpful, and everything we ordered was super yummy! Really recommend this place!', 'Place was super busy but were made to feel very welcome..lamb, tuna and salmon were all unusually prepped in a good way 😊', 'We had a great diner! Good quality food, fresh and diverse flavours. The atmosphere is super cool too!', 'Great delicious fusion food ! Bigger than tapas, smaller than normal portion let you explore delicious surprising and balanced flavors.', 'We received a warm welcome from the staff in this restaurant situated in a charming, atmospheric square just slightly off the main thoroughfare. The food was excellent!', "A great place to have a vegetarian brunch (17€) on Sundays.\nThe plate was tasty with surprising mixes like honey and beetroot and also  beautiful with a stylish colorful plating.\nThe atmosphere is friendly and family-like in the terrasse.\nEven if the opening hours say 10am, your order won't be taken before 10:45. You can be served with a hot drink and viennoiseries in the mean while.", 'This is, so far, our favorite place for a family Sunday brunch in Montpellier. The setting is wonderful and relatively quiet on a Sunday morning. The service is always wonderful and the food is consistently tasty!', 'Just come for drinks. Large selection of organic wine by glass.\nThe vouvray is delicious. Will come back to try the food soon', 'Great place, lovely staff and a lovely pint of plain in Strasbourg. Food was very decent too. Only negative is the "table service " thing but that\'s a personal thing. I\'d totally recommend you checked  it out.', 'Iris h  pub', 'Looking for a drink ? Wait 30 to 45 min if you are nice. Avoid this place', 'Great experience, very nice and great service also a good looking bartender. Thank you', "O'Brady's happens to be the meeting location for a weekly French conversational course which begins earlier in the evening so that the conversations are heard well enough.  But before the end of the workshop, the pub was getting crowded in lively. A good sign for the pub.", 'Nice local place to drink a beer. It has a variety of beers. It has a very big screen tv for watching football games. It serves fast food.', 'Good selection of domestic and international beers, well made tarte flambees.', "I don't get the impression that the owner has any idea how to serve his costumers...", "2 stars for the poor cuisine and the pumped prices for everything, while getting only 200 gr. of the parody jamon-style meat plate for almost 18 euros. The service waiting time is insane as well. You have to chase the waiters for hours.\nNot worth it, I don't recommend going to this place.", "High cost of food and beer very poor taste don't waist your money\nGood TV for sport only reason to I went in but I was so orry after 10 mins\nToilet stinks not clean", 'Cool', 'Outstanding local food (tartes flambee) and beer. Very nice staff!\nIf you stay nearby, go there!!!', 'While the atmosphere was acceptable, the service for larger groups was truly disappointing. During a visit with a group, we placed orders and everyone paid for their drinks. I paid for mine, only to later be informed that it was considered a «\xa0double\xa0» and was asked to pay for it again.\n\nIt’s perplexing that I was charged double for a «\xa0double\xa0» cocktail, essentially paying for two cocktails’ worth of alcohol. In the end, I paid for two cocktails when I could have simply ordered two regular cocktails with the same alcohol content for the same price. This pricing inconsistency seemed unnecessary and confusing.\n\nThis lack of clarity in pricing is concerning. If they can’t manage smooth service for groups, they should reconsider their business approach. Furthermore, offering items without a clear pricing structure is a substantial issue. This was our first time being charged for unexpected extras, and it left a negative impression. I would not recommend this place, they try to make a profit from you in unethical ways.\n\nP.S. Make sure to order water early because it becomes smaller the later in the night. This was an additional inconvenience that further soured the experience.', 'We had a late night dinner at Le Public House.  The service, the prices and the food were all excellent.  My husband especially liked their beers on tap.  It was quite the happening place outside - but inside we were able to find ourselves a nice quiet table away from the crowd.  Would happily return.', "Very nice, casual and cozy restaurant. There are lots of food items such as pizzas, burgers, salads and tarte flambées on the menu and they are very delicious. The price is reasonable. The staff is friendly. Even though they don't accept reservations, we managed to find a place as a big group. The place is quite spacious. Sitting outside on the terrace is also very pleasant when the weather is good.", 'Great place, nice IPA. Galette de pomme de terre with smoked salmon was great. Stuff is friendly, price is reasonable', 'Great tobacco saleswoman, very friendly and cigarettes cheaper than in France', 'I would like to give 0 stars, unfortunately not possible...', "Seller 👨\u200d💼 Unpleasant with the customer, especially don't make mistakes because it makes him aggressive... 😡", 'ATTENTION RIP OFF!!\nBottom drawer!!!', 'My visit to Drunky Stork Social Restaurant provided a mixed experience. The standout features were the delightful cocktails and appealing decor. However, the portion sizes for the price were less satisfying.', "Fancy vibes, tasty dishes, great atmosphere.\nWe didn't like the service though, as we felt hurried to chose, to consume. The waiter was being rather rude in his way of talking and interrupting us. Not nice, especially in this kind of place.\nPrices on the high range and small portions. Cocktails are far from generous on the dosage, and not as researched and elevated as could suggest their price.\nOn the positive side, the desert, a mixture of fruits and meringue, was incredible. We all liked our main dishes as well.\nOther all a nice evening still, but I wouldn't add to the hype of the place.", "Beautiful deco and great music. Our waitress was very nice and the service was overall pretty good. Our food came out fast which is highly appreciated. Only comment is that my risotto came piping hot while my partner's was just warm...", 'This restaurant in Strasbourg is one of the best places! Delicious food (the menu is totally different from any other places, unique). Portion size is good.\nPrices are average. Hostess, security, waiters and bartenders are very attentive and friendly (and speaking English!) , and super nice atmosphere. Also I really liked their wine list.\nThe idea with open window at the kitchen is very interesting  ( the kitchen looked so clean and obviously cooks were enjoying the process!)\nCan totally recommend it and will definitely come back again.', "Nice place, good selection of beers and mix drinks with delicious Alsatian foods.   It's worth a visit if you're in Strasbourg.", 'I don’t know if I was expecting a burger with a chunk of piece of meat in it instead of a patty. I didn’t get any flavor out of it or maybe it was it’s original taste I’ve never had before. Fries where good. If your in France and like beer please try “Gallia” way ipa', 'Great place for the fumous tarte flambée (flammekueche). Well located in the center of Strasbourg. Great vides especially in the evening with friends hanging out for relaxing beers and food. Great value for money.', 'We were in town and we were hungry. I’ve searched on google after a cheap and good restaurant. It was the first. Clicked on it checked the menu and went there. It was 5 stars. The service the guys there, the food and the bier (which by the way was recomended by them) were very tasty.\nThank you guys for the nice evening we had there. See you next time.', "The decor is lovely and the drinks gorgeous but the food was far too dry. We ordered nachos and a veggie burger and couldn't finish them. It's a shame because with more sauces they would have been delicious. The staff were stone faced but so busy, I think they were just stressed so I still tipped. There were a lot of wasps so I'd advise to sit inside if you are bothered by them.", "Very tasty and good terrace near children's playground. Also there is big parking with electric charging for Tesla", 'Very nice feeling and food was great', 'Tasty snacks and good Riesling', 'Friendly local bar. Eclectic crowd, quite easy to strike up a conversation. Heavy metal oriented, but not aggressively so. (It is possible to have a conversation without competing with AC/DC played at full volume.) Worth a quick visit, at least; and you might just find you like the place. Pavement seating by a quiet street in good weather.', 'If you want a good beer listening to some good rock/metal in Strasbourg, this is definitely your place. The owner is a very nice guy, by the way. Cheers!', "It does what it says on the tin. It's a bar that sells a reasonable variety of drinks and plays rock and metal music. The staff and clientele are friendly. I'm looking forward to visiting again.", 'Good shooters and cocktails (try the "dans ta face". simple but good food. nice beers! Good prices and very nice owner!', 'Stopped in for Breakfast on our first day in Strasbourg. Very pleasant  and helpful server. Pancakes with caramel sauce was delicious as were the scrambled egg and bacon. Sat outside and enjoyed the sunshine.', 'I love this place with a good portion of food, the food is delicious, the place is big that can host a big group of friends, the service is fast, etc.', 'No food this time. Great little pub off the beat with decent prices for a draft beer and drinks. Cheers!', 'Such a great place, honestly! The atmosphere was great, the food was quite good and the waiters were super friendly and spoke English too. It was also open on Christmas day, something we were very grateful about!', 'Amazing bar, great drinks great food and decent prices. Loved that it was packed yet not crazy loud. Une vraie planque comme il se doit !', 'Really nice place ! Good energy and fair price !', 'Average bar, very kind staff and nice people. Nothing special for me personally.', 'Visited this place with a bunch of local friends, great vibes, awesome bar tending skills 🍻🍻', 'Decent drinks, but unfortunately the wait times here are very long. We had the cafe au lait and the chocolate chaud which were fine, but we waited over 20 mins to order and around the same to pay. Good atmosphere and ambience, but don’t expect fast service.', 'amazing team and welcoming atmosphere - favourite bar to hang out - chill and honest .\nthanks for a good service and great conversations .', "Absolutely great place outside the mainstream places to visit in Strasbourg!\nI'm a little sorry to share this place with you, but I can't share it with you.\nBeer - Kasteel Rouge is a pearl in the crown of this place!", 'Ohh I love this cafe. One of the best cozy places in all of Strasbourg. The staff is very warm and welcoming. The ambience is musical and peppy. Live music on some days. A must visit when in Strasbourg.', 'Strasbourg is a pretty city, this cafe is my favorite cafe in Strasbourg.\nThe cafe is amazing and sexy, they have great music playing and you will enjoy your coffee or drink here.\nEnjoy', 'The atmosphere is super nice! I love the decoration with all the vintage items and the lights. The service was nice and fast as well. The food was good, but nothing very special. They have nice beers though. I would go back!', 'Nice atmosphere, very informal. The toasts that we tried were super tasty, but the highlight of the dinner for me was the dessert. Amazing!!!! The price is in the average. I totally recommend it!', 'Very nice little place to sit outside and have a drink or two, soak up some Paris-pavement based atmosphere.🌞 We also ate here which was good, I finally had a salad I’d been craving and couldn’t get anywhere else!! We were not disappointed 😊', 'Good place 👍 I think beers here are good (most of the people were having beers).\nNice indoor and outdoor tables 😊\nThe food in good nothing special about it.\nI ordered ceaser salad, the presentation was awesome (actually it is so creative), for the small size, a half Lettuce was served with chicken nuggets, anchovies, Parmesan cheese, and homemade dressing (it has a different flavor than usual dressing) the overall was fine.\nThe second order was flambée (with cheese and no bacon) was fine, for us it was to much onion ( but from unbiased point of view it was good).\nThe place is pricey, for these two orders and one bottle of ice-tea costed around 40-50 euros', 'Came here to watch the sports downstairs. Service has been spot on. We ordered the pig knuckle hot dog which was very tasty and was a good sized portion too. Highly recommend!', "Strasbourg's oldest brewery. Ambience is superb with a brewing kettle and other things displayed. Taps look elegant and food was good. Had Pork Shank with potatoes.", 'Service was great. We tried the traditional as well as the gratinee and mushroom tarte flambee. And the escargot. Everything was very fast and great.', 'Great location, good prices, good cocktails, friendly and fsst staff. Music was excellent', 'Nice pub variety of beers and cocktails. Friendly  staff fast service. Food served is only pizza and tarte flambe with thin base gas oven baked and a variety of options to select from.', 'We were here for a quick lunch and a drink, but it’s a horrible experience. The lasagne was a bit more acceptable compare to the roasted chicken but the minced beef in the lasagne was too fat. The roasted chicken is literally cold inside. We sent it back to kitchen but when we got it back it was so burnt and hard, thought I was chewing the bones when I ate the chicken thigh meat....', 'Avoid this dishonest place. After letting us sit with empty glasses while they chatted amongst themselves, they charged us 28 euros for two Armagnacs. Thats pretty much theft in my opinion.', 'Molly Malone’s is right across the street front the area where the Viking Forsetti docks. We walked over and enjoyed a pint of beer and the rugby finals. This is a very lively bar with a younger clientele. A fun place to watch a game or meet new people.', 'This has become our (Canadian/Australian) go to for fish and chips. It is the best place for fish and chips in Bordeaux (if not France) by far. Excellent value for money as well.', "Great little pub, typical Irish atmosphere. One major problem, no air con, so so hot in there. Staff really friendly, a new starter Noah in at the deep end at the start of the world Cup, survived with admiration, food great but don't expect fine dining, great prices.", "Molly Malone's has a good options for beer and cider. Their own blonde and ipa's are so cool. Tried munster burger and it was ok as well. Atmosphere was nice, staff were friendly. Recommended.", 'Test new beers, on draught or inbottles. French and English languages are spoken by the welcoming boss. Bar snacks available. Great selection of Irish beers. Outside terrace.', 'Beers like you rarely find, served by a passionate connoisseur who shares more than asked everything there is to know about beers and its brewers.\nEnjoy!', 'The managers are passionate and pleasant to talk to.\nThe atmosphere is quite nice and we drink good beer, accompanied by a good sausage, we had a good time.', "A nice place with good beer, it's a must for a discovery of tasty beers and explanations from the owner!\n\nThank you Thierry!", 'It was a fantastic experience!! The drinks were great the staff unbelievably helpful. The food looked good (unfortunately we had already eaten!) Typical pub grub!!', 'Top', 'Happy Hour 19hr-20hr. Guinness!!!', "Great atmosphere and very friendly staff! Whether it's for adults of all ages, it's still a good place to meet!\nGood music and good hygiene.", 'I had a fantastic experience at the Blarney Stone thanks to Brad and Cameron. Their warm hospitality made me feel right at home. The atmosphere at the bar was welcoming, and their service was top-notch. I highly recommend visiting the Blarney Stone and enjoying the excellent service from Brad and Cameron!', 'Barman really sympathetic and welcoming with a big smile! Fast service, reasonable portion and very good drinks, I recommend!\nRegarding the bar in itself, "it\'s cute and pretty", I really like the decoration and the atmosphere.\nPlus the service team seems to be bilingual which is a really good point for foreigners!', "Service was great, staff were friendly,  food was good. I had a nice beef hamburger with fried chips, but the chips looked more like they had been reheated several times. They weren't very good.", 'My favourite restorant in Bordeaux. They are literally making the best chicken wings ever! There are so many beer options on the menu. But I recommend you to drink Brooklyn IPA. (It has some kind of a flowery taste) The atmosphere is fascinating. The staff is nice and kind. You should definitely go there ❤️\nPS: please bring the pies to menu again. They were also delicious 😍', 'Perfect English pub, owner is incredibly friendly and welcoming. Burgers are possiblythe best in Bordeaux!', "Fair play the ultimate 1970's pub experience, warm lager with no head and Lucky dip glasses.", 'Excellent service, love the coziness of the spot and the owner who’s just delightful!\n\nAlso, being vegan is never easy eating out but he always makes it work, which I appreciate so much !\n\nOne of my favorite spots in town !', 'Went there for a casual night out with a friend, the big ben burger was really nice, the beers quite good, the waiter was really friendly and the pub has a real English vibe. A great place!', 'Very cozy atmosphere and good draft beers', "Serves one of the best pints of Guiness I've had in Bordeaux. Also has a very nice selection of brewdog beers on tap. Their food is also excellent. Overall a lovely quaint little pub. Well worth the stop.", 'Really nice Irish  Pub in a French style. Not a Guinguette but a GuinguIrish! 🤩', 'Cozy, friendly and ideally located local pub in Talence. The beer garden is very cool and the big hearts Anne and Sam, along with their top staff Fabien and Maxime make all the ingredients for a great time.\nExceedingly good place...', "Definitely a decent boozer. The draft selection has something for everyone and in general the beer quality is a consistant 6/10. Don't get your hopes up, this chain leaves the beer lovers wanting more (or less), but you can't fault the location, seating options, sports channels and reliability.", 'Excellent Pub and lovely staff, highly recommended!', 'Quirky songs being played while man utd played rubbish against bayern', 'Nice pub with lovely cold wine and nice cider', 'Good service , nice helpfull friendly staff.', 'Top', 'Top!', "Need a real bar to watch matches in an Irish pub version? An address called O'driscoll in Pessac, authentic run by enthusiasts, wide choice of beers and tapas in a cool atmosphere 👍", 'Great chicken and mushroom pie! A must during these cold days! Staff is friendly and attentive. Good selection of English plates as well as a variety of beers!', 'Came here hoping to find an English breaky. Unfortunately it was not on the menu but they very kindly made us a real bacon sandwich (BYO HP). Proper bacon too :)', 'Super pub, great food. Very friendly waitress, we had great time 👍', "Nice atmosphere and friendly service. The bacon cheeseburger is very delicious. Happy hours finish quite early, in British style, that's why the beer is a bit expensive.", "Great ambiance in the pub itself (and, as Irish bars abroad go, it's pretty good, despite the English name 😊).\nLovely terrace tables on the square, happy hour options are 👍🏻, and the guys & girls running the place are fantastic!", 'Very disappointed. I used to eat here regularly a couple of years ago, and the burger was consistently delicious. I went here last week and unfortunately the burger was nothing like it used to be. The server didn’t even ask us how we wanted our steak cooked. The meat had no flavour, the bun was too hard. They sell a “bacon avocado” burger, but they don’t use real avocados - instead they use gross French “guacamole” which is nothing like Mexican or American guacamole. A truly mediocre burger.\n\nThe fries, however, are delicious.\n\nAlso, the restaurant was empty and we sat for almost ten minutes waiting to just get a menu.\n\nThe server himself was friendly, it’s just a shame that no one told us where to get menus or place an order. I do not recommend.', 'Excellent traditional English city pub in Chartrons - friendly service, great beer and great food. Recommended!', "I came there on Friday, the bar tender is a really friendly young man. The pub itself is very well decorated with old british style. It's abit small though when there are lots of people. I ordered fish and chips as a takeaway, truly tasty, crispy etc just perfect.", 'In Bordeaux for the rugby and called into this place for a pint or two. English speaking waitresses and bartenders with a great selection of craft beers and the usual classics. It’s on the more expensive side compared to back home but it is in the Center of Bordeaux and compared to other bars in the area it’s reasonable and they have a happy hour. Just to let u know u pay a deposit on the plastic pint cup you drink out of but after u finish you get a €2 refund if you return it to the bar 😉 plus big screens in the bar with English commentary', 'Was visiting Bordeaux and was recommended to check out this bar by a local. Has a great atmosphere, and the bar tenders were friendly and spoke english, which helped when ordering. I ended up coming back the next night.', 'Pool table, darts, 8 euros for a Guinness though. Decent vibes', 'Best Place for a fresh Beer.\nCris will make it for u !', 'We spent a great time eating nice typical English food and drink some great beverages from the country. Moreover, Linda the waitress was very kind! :)', "The best atmosphere, a very helpful gaffer who found us all seats, would definitely recommend and when we're back, this will be our first stop , great spot...thanks to all the staff!", 'Had a beer and enjoyed the view.  Friendly staff and good service.', 'The staff is very nice, clients are not up to their level, monopolizing the pool table.\nOne sad point, Credit card is only accepted from 10€', 'When I came it was happy hour. However,  I was very un happy when I discovered that only beer is in the happy hour offers. That after sitting at a table waiting for service before realising all the wooden markers that say order at the bar had blown over. Then i got to enjoy everyone elses second hand smoke whilst consuming my drink. €18 lighter but a little wiser.', 'A great pub to watch rugby.  Friendly service and a warm welcome.', 'Well, the bartender tried to rip us off the 1€ consignment cups… and very rudely decide not to serve us when serving the guy next to us. Why ? Still wondering…\nDisappointed AF.', 'This place was so lively, only stepped in for one drink but got a whole local band sing along.', "One of the rare authentic pubs in the Irish tradition left in Bordeaux: no fuss, good stout, darts and stools. Limited options for beers but that's how you like a good old pub.\nMy favourite in Bordeaux by far.", 'Excellent atmosphere and friendly welcome. The Landlord was most accommodating and when we called in late afternoon last Wednesday I asked if he would be showing the Europa Conference league final. He kindly reserved a table for us . Even though we were about the only English people in the Bar he very kindly bought us a drink when West Ham won the match. Excellent Guinness as well.', 'Very nice atmosphere, very good service. I would totally recommend.', 'Nice sport bar. Service is very good and your feel like at home as soon as you get in !!', 'British style pub in the heart of the old part of the city.\n\nA good range of draught beers and spirits.\nThere are several TV screens in this place if you want to watch any sports events. Also some limited outdoor seating.', "I love this place. It's a great English pub with a strong Irish flair right and downtown Bordeaux right off the shopping district. If you are a guy, in particular, and your lady friend is doing some shopping, this is a great place to grab a cold pint!", 'Worst pint of Guinness I had in my life. Very fommy and smelled like egg.\n\nThe ambiance is great though.', 'Amazing place! Great atmosphere, friendly people and they have Long Islands on the optics! 😍', 'A good pub where to have the time of your life with the several parties and sports nights available', 'Great pub food and atmosphere!', 'Friendly and fun place with locals to have a cold cocktail after a long, hot day in Bordeaux. Felt safe as a single woman traveler. Highly recommend', 'A lovely English-styled pub in the heart of Bordeaux. This is a great place to come for a refreshing, cold pint of beer - perfect for when a break is required from Bordeaux wines or even on a hot Summer day. Many sports events are also shown here: they have Sky Sports.', 'Good service,  helpful staff. good food and Aperol Spritz not spoilt with Sprite.  What else do you need?', "Came here to watch the Wales rugby match as It was stated on the website that it would be shown on the TV. Only to find that because Bordeaux were playing football the same time that they were only showing the football because we were told Bordeaux are playing . Even though there were multiple Tv's and it said both would be shown.\nIf this was the case don't put it on your website.\nNever been so disappointed we would have watched the rugby in Bordeaux before heading  to the airport . Where they would have been happy to show the match .", 'Great place for food and drinks on your way to Bordeaux airport. Good menu offering pub grub and great service. Gets busy so may have to queue to get in.', "Average place. For some reasons they don't serve food outside, only nibbles. Staffs is very nice, but waiting time to get a table far too long...we have been told 10 Min wait and we had a table after more than an hour. Not ideal. Food is expensive and nothing special.", "Super small with a super vibe. Best Guinness I've had so far in Bordeaux, with a nice little plate of munchies (plateau apéritif) and friendly staff. Definitely a must visit if you're looking to have a cold beer in a warm pub.", 'Super service! Les barmans-maids tip top!', "Super ambiance , the bar attendants are very simpaticos , music can improve but it's ok , I loved the fact that you can actually ask for pizza to be delivered just ask for the number in the bar and the best **** Not expensive as must of the bars around and the drinks quality intact !!!! . Trop bon !", 'Lovely local with a very cosy feel and genuinely warm welcome from François behind the bar..a pint of Guinness for €5 before midnight...George would say..what else?? Thanks!', 'The food was decent. Serving was good. Nice location.', 'Really great service tonight, food was good, I had a burger and the Mrs had a Caesar salad🥗 Three soft drinks also and the bill came to 45 Euros. Our waitress was fab and looked after all the tables inside on the ground floor with a big friendly smile. Recommended! A place with a good atmosphere too', 'Great sports bar. Big screens, allot of beers and the decoration is awesome. With allot of music instruments. Price is ok. The service very kind', 'Moules to beat the band, but what we loved the most was the really wonderful service. Perfect.', "This Irish pub in very popular with the locals and if you enjoy a good beer and a tasty midday lunch, I'm sure you'll agree. The atmosphere is pleasant and the wait staff are very friendly. The fare is typical pub food and everything I have had has been very well prepared and tasty. My personal favorite is the smoke-flavored fish & chips... best tartar sauce I have ever had, too.", 'The food was very good. The place is cozy and beautiful. It was a great experience', "Can't rate the food as they don't serve food but they encourage you to order in if you're hungry therefore I'll give the food 5* 😉\n\nService was quick and the staff were friendly. It was a great place to watch the World Cup games and I'd recommend it to any traveling fans.", 'Top bar. Visited here a couple of time during our time in Lille for the Rugby World Cup. Most of the time was just enjoying their amazing selection of beer but we visited once for food and it was fantastic. Amazing staff, great bar', "Great place but quite popular so may want to make a reservation beforehand.\nGreat food but also bar to have a drink: there's a guy cooking little salty waffles in the back, they're delicious!", 'A nice Irish pub located next to Hotel de ville of Marcq en Baroeul ! Great selection of beers with beautiful interiors. Also some areas in the open to enjoy in the outside.\n\nDefinitely a recommended place to hang out in groups! Or enjoy some sports matches. The service is also fast enough.', "Not enough space inside and It's mostly crowded. So, a big NO for winters. You can't sit at the garden for long in the cold. Better you go with a reservation for the dinner.", 'Amazing service, appetizers and beer were great', 'Place is small. Staff is good enough. Music is mixed (old & new) rnb, rock, country, pop...', "Charging 4 euros for 0.25l when 0.5l is 5 euros is just not okay. Also not willing to change the order when finding out is even worse. Probably don't want customers to return.", "Didn't eat here, but they serve great Guinness!", 'Truly was a surprise! As soon as I entered ,the loud music was initially too much. But  quickly all that weirdness faded away just like that! The crowd was amazingly fun.  Super nice  and polite service ;).  In total it was a pleasant evening, Came for a drink and stayed for hours, will visit again soon', 'Great atmosphere every time I went, whether it be to watch sport or enjoy the evening!', 'Very nice little bar with good music and fair prices', "Bouncer from 6/10/23 who for no reason lets me in anymore and this allows him to threaten me... he asks me to go down the stairs which I can understand except that once on the sidewalk for Mr. it's still not enough he I have to leave and I can't stay in front of the bar.. he has fun counting to 3 and takes a customer as a witness, what did he want to do? I don't really know it was very special... a shame overall a nice evening just a shame to lose Conso without really a valid reason because the bouncer doesn't let us in anymore", 'Came to quietly watch a football match, loud music without sound while everyone kindly asked the waiter to put on the sound of the match. Went to the mother opposite, no regrets, the people are pleasant unlike the waiter at the Maccallan who should perhaps do some smile training there. Good evening, elsewhere!', "Cracking wee sports bar with a good selection of beers. Don't forget to try some Saucisson whilst you're there", 'There for Ireland V Scotland Rugby match. Great atmosphere.', 'Great pub. Full of rugby fans for the world cup. Great range of beers and good food.', 'Great atmosphere, friendly bartenders, good enough choice of Belgian beers on tap. No food, just some snacks.', 'Cozy bar, good atmosphere. I go there for the language exchange every Wednesday at 8pm', "A nice atmosphere, I felt like being in a pub again. Big plus, it was not too crowded for a Saturday. We had some nachos with a Scottish beer, a good way to celebrate Robert Burns' Night on our own.", "This place looks like an ordinary english pub.\nThe stuff if nice but I didn't feel comfortable there.\nThere is no Soft menu, so the bartender had to cite few options that they had.\nAnd I would like them to have more soft and snack options and to put softs in the menu.", "Cocktails are good and the employees are friendly, we ordered nachos it was good as well.\nThe music was too loud, we couldn't hear each other.\nIn general the bar is good and the prices are pretty reasonable.", "We went here for the first time, a very big menu with loads of drink but we were afraid that the food wouldn't be that fresh.\nBut the food was absolutely fantastic!\nWe looked online to book a table but we couldn't, so we went here for a drink around 17:00.\nOnce there we asked if they had a table for 4 at the evening around 20:00 and it was no problem.\n\nWe were pleased to get a table because during the evening (on a Saturday) the pub was full with people to eat.\n\nThe food was absolutely fantastic! It tasted fresh, nice presented and the staff was lovely.\nOn the momebt of our visit it was pretty busy but the food came out in about 20 minutes wich was perfect!\n\nWe will remember this place when we go back, if we could we would've went back the day after.\n\nThus is one to remember.\nGood and fair prices, friendly staff and a very nice interior with loads of history images/paintings!", 'Amazing discovery in Lille. The food is delicious, the staff friendly and funny. I had an amazing date with my husband. Thank you!!', 'We were there for diner. I did order the salmon burger. Fries along the burger were cold. Salmon tastes like it was heated in the microwave. So the dish is not suggested. My girlfriend firstly asked if it was possible to remove the shrimps from the fish wok. This wasn’t. She decided to order the tagiatella with buratta. Tast was fine and she got a really full plate. Drinks were fine and staff was friendly. Maybe recommended for drinks but not for food', 'We both had burgers and chips. Presented nicely and delicious. We were looked after by a student who was efficient and charming. Thank you for good service. Lovely end to our last day in Lille.', 'Very friendly local bar for some travelling rugby fans', "Cozy bar/pub with some bar games and friendly staff. It's seems not very big, but I think it's possible to be seated in the basement as well. Nice choice of beers and cocktails and also possible to order nice looking burgers! It's close to the city center and a few minutes from the busy student bar streets.", 'Great bar, great staff, managed to watch the football too', 'It would have been 5 stars if I could remember the last couple of hours!', 'This is the best pub, with he best mates music, with the best most precessional songs and staff in Europe', 'Nice bar to hang out with ur friends and loved ones they serve good alcohol and they have different types of it and a really old school feelong architecture so overall perfect combination', 'Whole bar got pepper sprayed by over zealous bouncers', 'Great atmosphere and good selection of draught beer. Hugely enjoyed our saturday night here. Excellent selection of music', 'Booked for a 9pm RWC game and excellent table put aside for us with the best view in the house! Wide choice of beer too.', 'Good pub, can get super packed,  but staff are nice and a great atmosphere for the rugby', 'Lovely to sit outside.  Good beers. A little quieter than being in the centre.  Would recommend.', 'top', 'worst place...he will talk to you nicely the waiter ..when you drunk ..he will add you extra beer ...will make you pay more with smile ...never go there if you want to get drunk', 'Really nice atmosphere!', 'Christoph was so nice', 'Professional and very courteous welcome..to have a drink with colleagues or friends..cosi so British setting 👍choice of cocktail and reasonable price..I recommend 👍', 'This place is a machine, fastest service very efficient. Every drink we ordered as a group showed up 3 minutes later.', 'I have seldom see such an AWFUL place, in regard to dirtyness or level or service.\nBoth waiters were rude with all customers and the coffee (of poor quality) is at €3,9.\nPlease do not go there!!!', 'The beers are super expensive. The glasses were not really clean and there was stuff flooding in the beer (old beer? Not clean tap?)', 'Super bad attitude, the waiters don’t give a single Fq about consumer. Definitely not recommend!!!!', 'One of our favourite restaurants, excellent, every single time. Best burgers (mussels are also excellent), very good appetizers, delicious desserts, wide variety of drinks, and a 5 stars service. Add a nice, cozy place, and you have all the ingredients for a great dinner.', 'I enjoy the meat and the mood.\nAnd we will see us again soon.\nIt’s a very satisfying service', "The welsh royal is a typical dish of 'Le bureau' and iconic of northern-france cuisine. Very friendly staff, a great variety of drinks and its inside a mall venue so you can enjoy a beer after doing your shopping.", 'Excellent place for both food and drinks. Good atmosphere , excellent staff . Well worth a visit.', 'Very warm welcome upon my arrival by all the staff. Servers smiling and available. I had a Flemish stew with fries which was delicious. Very good desserts. The decoration of the restaurant is tastefully done.. I recommend and I will return', 'Very good restaurant, which quickly serves delicious dishes, prepared with fresh products.\nThe atmosphere is friendly and the prices very affordable.', 'A good moment ! A nice service with a waitress see 2 pleasant and professional. Indeed, we were a table of 12.', 'The dishes are excellent and quite varied for a brasserie! They even make woks. The room is very pleasant and the terrace set up on the sidewalk is rather pleasant, the parasols are very large so that you can find shade in the bright sun, the neighborhood is nice. You can taste good beers like Raoul which is excellent. The daily special is very reasonably priced and the plates are well stocked (see photo). In addition we feel the safety aspect is taken seriously (the servers have masks, hydro gel available..) happy hour at 4 p.m.!! I recommend the place', 'A great spot for any meal at any time of day. I was fortunate enough to have breakfast and dinner here.\nStaff were friendly and helpful. My French is poor but managed to order a decent breakfast.\nDinner was good, but a little messy. The cheese in the burger had a very low melting point but was delicious.\nHighly recommended.', "Very nice restaurant in the middle of everything.  Excellent selection of beers, and a variety of mussel preparations.   I had the Ch'ti variety, which was a new experience for me. The cheese sauce made eating the mussels a little more of a challenge, but the taste was a fine reward.\n\nThe staff was friendly and very helpful.  The protests that are ongoing this week were passing through the area, and the staff was vigilant and comforting while remaining calm and professional.", "Went for a family evening meal here and enjoyed every part of it. Had a table quickly, our waitress was an absolute star, and I think our babies first crush!\nThe food was great too. Moules in tasty sauce, chicken with a lovely sauce too, and a burger that was cooked perfectly and tasted as good as it looked.\nHighly recommend coming here if you're in the area.", 'Good food, it was our first time trying Welsh, we were expecting it to be greasy (like a tartiflette), but was pleasantly surprised that it was relatively light and fluffy. Also tried the Carbonnade flamande (similar to beouf bourgignon but with beer instead of red wine), and really enjoyed it as well. Beer selection was good. Service was top ! Our host was super friendly, and went above and beyond !', 'A bit too expensive, but the food is super tasty. Either way 8.5 euros for 50cl of beer is insane', 'Nice food and at a good price too', 'Top !', 'Super service', 'very warm welcome, good atmosphere and good food. A very pleasant visit.', 'Such a very nice time at au bureau with Haris! Very nice waiter ! Very professional with a lot of humour. The food was great we did not waited long to get served and he was always making sure we had a nice moment !\nThank you Haris !', 'Had a quick dinner in this quite nicely decorated pub/ brasserie. Honestly, the place was full, but the waiters were handling it like bosses. So a fast, delicious dinner at a good price: 50€ for plat & dessert for 2. A nice surprise for my saturday evening ;)', 'The atmosphere and the service was good. Unfortunately the ribs and burgers were too dry.', 'Nice and quiet bar with comfy booths. I visited this place on a Saturday night and it was not too busy. The music is not too loud, therefore making conversations easier compared to loud bars. The staff were friendly enough.', 'We had wings and nachos.  The wings were crispy and the hot sauce was flavorful. The nachos were a bit of a disappointment.  They needed more of everything as you end up eating a lot of dry chips in the end.  Great atmosphere and good beer.', 'What a great and cozy place for a pint or 5. Lots of different seating areas, perfect for any occasion 😀', 'Such à very good place to have fun with friends and play some games.', 'Really cool small Irish Pub with local beer and multiple whiskey offers..', 'Really good and nice pub in the city center. The downstairs offers a really great and enjoyable experience with small booths and tables. Upstairs has a lot of space and there is often live music also. The atmosphere in Molly Malones is always really great. I highly recommend that you pop in there if you are in the area and want a drink.', 'The bartender Ieva was super kind and professional. She gave us the best drink and service we had in our four days visit in Helsinki. She was fun and delivered the best customer service. One could say she is made for this place.', 'Nice pub although the top floor was closed when we went. I used to live in Ireland for several years so I could say it is kind of authentic. Nice and quite for a chat with your friends. I am curious to see the top floor so i have to go back. The staff were friendly enough.', 'Nice cosy bar. The bar tender is energetic and friendly.', 'Really nice Irish pub on a quiet side street, not the biggest of places but always nice to have a Guiness! They also did a good range of Finnish specific drinks', "Unfortunately lost it's soul. Used to be great place, but now very small, too sleak without any soul.", 'Perfect irish bar in dead center of helsinki.', 'Best place to wait for a bus in Kamppi', "I like the owner; attitude is spot on to the  local pub like this. And that's the funny part, in the middle of Helsinki, you'll have a proper old school pub, no fuss no huss . Love it!", 'Very nice place to Huang out with friends.', 'It does live up to its name. I counted at least two windows! Very good in this economy.', "Great Pub with friendly staff in the city center of Helsinki. Haven't tasted the food but that should be fine as well!", "A very wide choice of beers. Definitely a must-try if you're into craft beer. Dom't forget to order the let's make a pizza beer without confusing the bartenders! :)", "Henry's was great. Awesome beer selection. Didn't eat, but several options and what I saw looked good. Pool tables available and sometimes live music.", "I decided to visit Henry's pub during my visit to Helsinki, I was greeted by friendly bar staff who spoke great English who also took the time to show me some Finnish drinks and give me some recommendations. The atmosphere was really chill and having a pool table and shuffle board is an added bonus. I would recommend this bar to anyone visiting Helsinki", 'Very nice staff and cool glowing pool room with other games too to play while you might wait for your table!', 'Good tables and good prices in the happy hour for table rental', 'Staff was good but the pool tables were not in the best condition', 'Probably the best pool place in Helsinki. New area is now glowing 😎 so glow pool and darts! And also really nice arcade machines.', 'Good local pub. As norm for the area it’s leaning more towards price than quality/selection.', "A fraction better looking common bar for common people. Interior design is comfortable with a tad darker brown color palet which feels cozy and spacious overall.\n\nNothing much to complain here really. It's a cozy place with decent prices with even happy hour. Regular lager from tap isn't too special really but this clearly is a bar for common people. There's quite big screens for watching sports from table while enjoying your liquid beverages.\n\nIf you're looking for common people pub that isn't too hip then this could be your choice. Service was friendly and fast too. Foreign bartender reminded that there was a happy hour going on so regular tap lager was even cheaper.\n\nI recommend this venue for small groups looking for a starting point for longer evening or cure for yesterday's a bit longer evening.", 'Service standard is very low, staff is present for his own pleasure watching television  very loudly behind the bar, and makes it obvious that ordering disturbes him. Beer is watery, taps obviously have not been cleaned. Premises are basically nice from Pickwick Pub times but they have not been maintained and have gone to pot.', 'Nice place but it is a bit past its best.', 'Classic Kallio bar, cheap beers, great experience to see how “raw” a place can be. Bartender was really friendly though', 'Not a safe space for women. Bartenders think it\'s ok for totally wasted men to harrass women there. Yesterday one very drunk big man was harrassing my friend there telling things like "Ihana hedelmällinen perse, voinko vähän puristaa" etc. I told the bartender and he was only laughing about it and served the drunk harrasser more beer. I asked why they are serving men who harrass women and the bartender said "he said he is sorry". No, the man wasn\'t sorry and kept harrassing my friend when the bartender left. So, I said "If he doesn\'t go, we will" and we left with my friend, not even finishing our drinks. We were the only 2 women in the whole bar - and no wonder why. Women don\'t go to such places where they are being harrassed. In good bars such men are kicked out and women can have their drinks in peace without anybody harrassing them. Anyway the harrasser man was so drunk that by law he shouldn\'t have been served anymore. Never going to Roskapankki again after this.', 'Nice terrace and cheap drinks. Opens early (9am)', 'Cheap beer and comfortable outdoors seating.', "Good selection of beers. Don't order a Irish Coffe. Music, very annoying rolling stones paint it black on repeat so the first couple of times ut was great but now I can't stand the song anymore and will probably have nightmares tonight", 'Cosy residential district bar, affordable prices and good selection', "You ask for peanuts and you get a huge bowl of peanuts (at least 300g) for two persons. The place has good prices and the guy running the place is absolutely friendly and kind. You get a beautiful view at one of the busiest intersection in Helsinki! A Lonkero for 5 euros! That's a bargain!", 'Perfect place for a chill night out with a couple friends. Many people go there to read a newspaper over a pint as well. Clean, friendly staff and average bar prices. Popular place among both students and older people.', 'Nice place for having a beer with university friends. Medieval manor look, price on average. Suggested!', "Nice hidden pub in the centre of Helsinki. It's a great place to bring a group of friends, hang out and play some games, but not really a place for dancing or partying. The tables are quite far from each other so it's good if you don't want to be bothered by some loud drunk groups next to you.", 'A unique place in the heart of Helsinki city centre in the sense that the interior is very similar to a cellar pub without actually being underground. And the atmosphere is comparable to a cosy cellar pub as well. The inexpensive and decent selection of beers makes this pub a joy to visit if you can ignore the noisy university students frequenting the place.', 'Great place! Average prices, awesome people! Friendly staff! And we met a good looking chemistry teacher who got me drunk but i did not mind :D', 'It took one hour between the first meal at our table and the last. We were 11 people. Two orders were wrong, the sandwiches were dry. Very strange place.', "I don't like places too formal and stuffy and Teerenpeli has a proper relaxed, chilled vibe. This was my first time visiting here but will definitely return. Great for a drink after work or just to pop in with mates if out and about. During our Saturday night also a DJ was in the house.", "Great place to try good Finnish whisky and beers. The name is a bit misleading: if you look inside, you see it's more a bar rather than a restaurant. Beer snacks were rather boring.", 'Good selection of craft beer, very nice bartender who helped me pick out a few beers to try, and the cold cheese board was very good. 🍻🧀\U0001fad2 I also noticed that they have board games available which is nice 👾', 'Lovely place, especially second floor! Love the design. Where you can sit in a big chair enjoy your drink, and watch from second floor to a big hall inside mall of tripla. Wonderful place to spend some time! There is also at summertime terrace. Wonderful selection of beers!', 'Tap beer selection good, some Finnish microbrewery beers also. Table a bit sticky.  Would go again.', 'Generic but quite nice place to wait trains to leave.', 'Nice to sit next to window and see people going and coming. Beer is not cheap. Service is good', 'Plain neighborhood pub, nice staff.', 'Ok', 'Cozy little place with cheap beer', 'Just a regular local bar', "Today I had the worst experience of my life there!\n\nAfter work, I went to this bar and ordered a plate of wings and a small beer. It was crowded, I found a long empty table, two men were sitting at the beginning and I was sitting at the end. I place my bag on the empty chair next to me. After a few minutes, a group came to the same table and one of them asked to take my bag. I asked him why? He said: Because we are ten people. I put my bag under my legs.\nAfter 2 or 3 minutes when I got my food, he looked at my plate and started talking to the group, I don't understand Finnish, but I heard one word from his context(pakolainen)!\nThe security man was 1.5 meters away, so I asked him: I don't understand Finnish, can you tell me what pakolainen means? He said (refugee). (Is this racist word?). (yes it is). (This person said to me, after looking at me, What is your job as a security officer? Can you show me that we have an equal system in Finland and that we all have the same rights and that racism is prohibited by law?). After a short conversation with him, the security said in English (“I didn't mean it, if that's what offends someone, sorry,” he says, and as a security officer I didn't hear exactly what he said, so I couldn't bear to take him outside the bar). I said, (Okay, I'll leave without eating, but How would you react if a foreign group used slang words against a Finnish man you were working as a security guard at the time?). The security had no answer! Even he didn’t offer to refund me or say sorry..", 'Large and busy restaurant with wide beer selection. Tasters are available for 22€/5pcs. We met only one beer brewed by Social Brewing Lab.', 'I have tried this place during my stay at Helsinki, after arrival to the Kamppi bus station. A great place to have your dinner before or after departure, with some good beer. Might be not easy to find in the center, but it’s definitely worth it. The Schnitzel size is fairly generous - I barely could finish it on my own', 'A brewery pub at Kamppi Center in downtown Helsinki. A fresh and fruity brew on tap.', "One of the nicest, basically the only Irish pub in Tampere. While there is no competition it doesn't mean that it's bad. Quite the opposite, good food, good atmosphere, good people. Better that you visit rather than settle for anything else.", 'The only actual Irish pub in Tampere. Very welcoming place, kind and professional staff, a great selection of beers. And very tasty and properly sized pub food. You will be hard-pressed finding better fish and chips in the wide area around Tampere.', 'Friendly staff and quite a large selection of beers on draft. Fish n chips was delicious, fresh, and delivered hot immediately from the kitchen. Cozy and warm inside, chill vibes and steady crowd, even for a Tuesday.', 'The whiskey marinated beef Sloppy Joe with a Guinness was the best dinner I could ask for. Great place!', 'Lovely place, with good chilling music and atmosphere. Also one of the best service and customer experience in a long while! Prices are average (not bad). Remember to ask offers from the bar!', "A nice small and cosy bar located along the main street of Tampere. You'll get your drinks here in nicely decorated surroundings with reasonable prices. Has also some outdoor seating during warmer months.", 'Disrespectful and rude staff. “Not for people younger than 24”… at least on Saturdays..', 'You expect a good but not perfect pint of Guinness if you want to call yourself Irish pub. But the pint was one of the worst I had. Can give you a tip, learn how to fill a proper glass.', 'Absolutely one of the best traditional Finnish drinking holes in Tampere', 'A friendly cheerful crowd in the heart of Hervanta suitable for hanging out or catching up with friends.', 'Great pub to chill', 'Cool', 'Very nice English-style pub. Obviously everything is still very new, but, give it a few years, and the interior will be really ‘authentic’. Great atmosphere.', 'Food is always great, the staff is lovely and cheery and the place is clean.\n\nShoutout to what is imo by far the best fish&chips in town. Lunch is worth a visit too. Some of the taps are a bit on the more expensive side, but they do offer student discounts and the selection is excellent.', 'Chicken salad was good.\n\nReuben toast quite good as well.\n\nNice atmosphere and great service.', "We had drinks and a salad & gambis. Everything else was great but the shrimps were not nearly as good as in Levi's Old mates.", 'Happy hour 🤙', 'Better than reputation. Friendly staff, but some of the customers are certainly a bit rude.\n\nAge range 50-100', 'A basic neighborhood bar, and not in a positive way', "Well, this place is at least too loud for me, so it's not from the best end", 'A bar offering you drinks and some pub grubs. Quite nicely decorated but prices on the high side.\n\nOpens at 9 am every day gives an idea about the clintele 🙄\n\nPub quiz on Tuesdays at 19:00 and live music on Fridays after works.', "Comfy and reasonably priced place. It can be crowded sometimes but I wouldn't mind that.", "Great bar, Simon (the owner) is friendly & the bar hosts live music on certain nights.  Try the meatballs with fries, they're lovely!", 'Very cosy and convinient. Warm and friendly atmosphere. Perfect for a boardgame night. Would definitely come again.', 'Cozy British style pub with their own real ales on tap. Just across the railway station. Playlist consist punk and ska so extra points from that.', 'There is a great selection of drinks, and the best vegan food we could find in Tampere. The deep-fried pickles and seitan wings especially are both unique and delicious! The bar itself has a really relaxed and welcoming atmosphere. Highly recommended!', 'From the bartender to the chef..absolutely top notch !!!\nBurger one of the best tasted.. tops in Tampere but also burgers tasted from Southern California and EU...one of the best experiences..a big thank to the chef himself !!!!', "A nice jewel in Tampere downtown! The music, vibe and service are as great as the drinks they offer. You definitely need to stop and take a drink there before continuing with your day. Whatever you choose, you won't be wrong. 🤘", 'Great place to pop oin for a beer,good classic pub..', "It's a bit more expensive than average pubs downtown, but the place pays of with its coziness and good beers variety.", 'The best pub in Finland as far as I’m concerned. Unique atmosphere and damn fine beers.', 'Nice full pints in an authentic looking english pub!', 'Great beer selection. Very cosy place. Found my favorite Bavarian beer here.', 'Good selection of craft beers from all around the world. Untapped verified.', "A very nice multi-tap bar with a great choice of beers. You can find both craft beers from nearby and from all over the world, including more than a dozen on tap.\n\nThere's been a nice vibe of friendliness and lack of rush when I was there.", "A very great variety of drinks, gotta come back again to try some more. Haven't seen a place with as many draft beers yet!", 'Friendly, cool staff and nice drinks. Totally recommend visiting.', 'Cool', 'A nice quiet place to visit alone. Pleasant service.', 'The bartender barked at me like a wet dog and said I smelled like a wet dog', "A nice bar not far from the Alexander church. They have a big variety of beers on tap and they taste delicious. An excellent place for beer lovers. About the food I can't tell anything, I had only beers.", "If you look for the old pub vibe of the 80s, stirred up with a nice selection of beers, then you should pay here a visit. When I visited, there was a quiz going on (in finnish, so I couldn't understand it :)), that added a bit more of charm to the whole evening.", 'The oldest pub in Pyynikintori and it has been there longer than I can remember (been in legal drinking age 🤣). Cosy atmosphere with nice selection of beers on offer. Outside seating available during summer months is a nice addition.', 'This joint has really turned for the better. It is now an official Untappd venue, and has the beer selection and taps to go with that position. If you like great draft beer, make the small 10 minute walk up here from the centre.', 'Nice, cozy atmosphere for some drinks with your friend. They have their own brewery and distillery so you can order tastings if you like. Whiskeys are pretty good.', 'The sandwich was absolutely disgusting. Cheap supermarket bread, bland vegetables, non existent blue cheese. I give extra star for the whisky which i liked, otherwise i would strongly advice against eating here.', 'Amazing whiskeys. Great service! Definetly worth a visit!', 'Number 1 in Finland.  Nice atmosphere, very nice people come!!! And a very good selection of craft beers.', 'Amazing drinks and a lot of different games to choose between. If you like boardgames or videogames this is the bar to go!', 'Amazing gaming pub. You can play any console from retro to modern ones', "A fun place to gather to with friends. If you are looking for something chill to do with some drinks and friends in the city centre, this is certainly the place! Lots of tabletop-, card- and videogames. There's a 10% student discount on certain items too!", 'one of the nicest placeses in Finland to spend time.\nThe staff is very friendly and easy to talks to!\nThey also have a good selection of craft beers, if you are interested.\nI highly recommend this place to anyone!', 'Outside tables were to shaky…next time I will sit inside. But the beer was good and staff very nice to us. Great location of this pub makes you not go further. Easy and good choice.', 'Great selection of beers during the Oktoberfest. We particularly liked the Tumma Dark. Good friendly bar staff always serving with a smile.', 'Great place with great service and a big terrace. They have a lot of Plevna beers but other choices too. Prices were ok and it was a good stop.', 'My type of pub, great selection of beers on tap and bottle. I personally like the decor, rustic and down to earth. No kitchen so either eat first or stop here on the way to the restaurant', 'We went for a walk when we passed by, what a nice place it is.', "A warm cultural atmosphere steeped in nostalgia. It's nice to start and end the theater evening with a glass. Prompt, friendly staff.", "That's just how it rumbles on year after year. Nice feeling, good location. Not a permanent place, but nice to stop by for a glass when going to the theater. Friendly service once again.", 'Henksu and the customer base are top notch! ', 'Not a huge selection of beers, but very nice selection still. Irish pub style decor and decent amount of seats. Not too cheap one either for the location.', 'Beautiful terrace outside in the summer 😎  Okay selection of tap beers.', 'Nice outdoor terrace during the summer.\n\nDecent selection of beers.\n\nGood setting as well in a local neighborhood, next to a park.', 'Nice, small and cozy. Thet have pool and darts to play for a reasonable price.', 'Jam out and Chill. Period', "Staff was really nice and warm, good atmosphere. You should try rakı if you haven't before.", 'The guy at the bar was so nice to each and every customer, and it was lovely to watch and experience.', 'The owners are the best. Everyone is welcome.', 'Tasty Food and great atmosphere. They have a pretty big beer selection. Not too busy, it was easy to get a seat. It’s a pretty big place. Very clean restrooms. Coffee seemed a bit old not a big deal though.', 'Did not try the food, but there was large selection of their own beers and some of them were great, others not, but that comes usually with a large selection of very different beers. Prices were great for the drinks, food seemed bit pricy. The place is huge and decorated like a true brewpub. When we visited there was even an Oktoberfestband playing, my girlfriend was thrilled to hear some German honkytonky beeing played.', 'The best Finnish beer! And the best place to taste Finnish traditional food!\n\nUpdate ❤️\nSo many times have been visited this place… can say 100% all my international and Finnish guests in Tampere are visiting Plevna and everyone are happy about service and food ❤️ love forever', 'Best sausages in Town! The staff is super friendly! Try their blood sausages or the meat platter! One of their kind!', 'Gallows has "real ale" aka no carbonation added. Ask for it. By far the best type of beer you can get! So fresh tasting and refreshing!', "Had a few drinks on a Monday evening. The craft beers were awesome, and the staff is one of the friendliests I've ever seen. Kiitoksia!", "Quick pit stop after few recommendations from locals. And what a pleasant surprise! I have not seen such selection of draft beers anywhere around. As bonus that's a micro brewery 🍻", 'We took their local blonde wheat beer and German Pohjnatie. Excellent drinks, specially the local one, fresh, light, perfect for a summer day between friends.\nThe place is very cozy, different sittings,  table games, music. Great place.', 'Nice atmosphere and a good selection of different beers. Real ale and real cider are a big plus 😍', 'Gets away really well from the hustle and bustle of the shopping center and really good faucets ✨️👍', 'Cozy place, inexpensive draft beer is missing', 'Very cozy and good Bisset', 'Nice drink selection but could have wider range of snacks', 'Very nice. For some reason all the beer bottles are pretty much equal in price, regardless of quality. Which is nice, since it makes for probably the cheapest Rochefort 10 in town. The location is a little strange, but otherwise the place is lovely.', 'Nice beer pub with clean and smart decor. For my experiences staff has always been really professional and dressed really snappy which gives nice extra touch. Toilets have been clean and terrace is really good. Sun shines there long period and they also serves to the table so you can just sit and enjoy. Prices are bit on the high side but that is expected for the place that is in big mall and next to railway/bus station. And well.. This is Finland so all alcohol is expensive.', "We unassumingly stumbled onto this bar looking for a late-night drink and were pleasantly surprised! The interior is cozy and spacious, they have plenty of interesting European beers and service was friendly. Although it wasn't a mind-blowing experience, I have a hard time coming up with any negative points for this bar, so 5 stars seems appropriate. I'd say this is a great choice if you just want to have a drink with friends, even late in the evening.", 'Great service and helpfull staff! The sports on the tv where a bit too loud so it was a bit disturbing and also we had some dibbs on the check which we paid for even when we did nor order or receive them.. Also some of the portions ordered could have been larger. Anyhow, great food 😊', "I come here for beer, sport and chicken wings (can't comment on anything else), it's a great place for all three, particularly the wings - really meaty, coating stays crunchy, sweet heat on the buffalo sauce - and the sport - best place I've found to watch UK rugby in Finland.\nNot cheap, but it's (pretty much) in Helsinki so suck it up.\nPlus, Iso Omena is an award-winning shopping centre so everyone wins (except the wallet).", 'I have been here quite number of times, the atmosphere is nice, the food in general is nice, however, the food quality fluctuates quite much, one days is super the other day ita rubbish (rubbish happnea quite seldomely).\nBeer 🍺 collection is nice and the serving is done with a good standard, meaning if a mug neesa to be cold then they will serve it as cold. All in all a very nice place.', 'Typical sports bar food, but a decent bar and restaurant area with plenty of TVs and a variety of sport showing at any time', 'That\'s what the neighborhood pub atmosphere calls for. The heel trolls sit in lodges and improve the world over a pint. In summer, this is done on the terrace. The pool table in the back represents "sports". A perfectly rugged place with no frills right next to the metro station. And the prices really fit.', "Just the right place for the place. Offers exactly the kind of bar experience that is needed. Well-priced drinks, suitable offer and appropriate atmosphere. Suitable for dating and starting out. Becoming a permanent place of its own, as long as the going doesn't change.", '...it was free time, time passed quickly and comfortably while sitting there... !', 'Nice to stop by 😲 Nice group 👍', 'A cozy place, with nice corners.\nLike your own living room where the family welcomes you with a cold malt drink.\nGreat experience, thank you Peijjooni 2020 :3', 'Lack of investment in interior design/comfort. Maybe the "locals" don\'t need anything else as long as the empty tank is replaced with a new one.', 'I can\'t recommend it, but the "local gang" might like it😊!', 'Good mate. Billiards and jukebox with beer', "Smoking room maybe never had it's air extractor or filters cleaned so the whole bar smelled of stale cigarettes and the worst plastic flower I have ever saw stick under the window but to be fair it was a nice pint at a good price.", 'I spent there best night in Turku…\n101 blue whales stacked on top of each other :)', 'A nice place with a comfty atmosphere. Gives you an excellent view of finnish drinking culture, no matter what time of day you visit. Drinks are cheap and the only background noice is the happy banter of the customers, no music whatsoever. Singing will actually get you kicked out.\nWell recomended if you want a true piece of finnish culture, a small bite to eat or just a beer or twenty.', 'Ok', 'Quiet pub. Karaoke on weekends.', 'Amazing!!! 🇫🇮🇵🇱❤️', 'A cozy city dweller\'s "living room" on the stone base of the house. During the day, it was fun to go out with the work crew for a beer. There are many board games and 2 x TVs in the pub.\nThe toilets are really clean!\nThe owner who worked behind the counter had a very good sense of humor and during the afternoon we laughed several times at this gentleman\'s stories.\nI recommend a visit!', 'Old but cozy', 'Just on the corner 6th Street', 'Very good place', 'Was a nice experience', 'The beer is good and a bilis table was also found. Waiting for the terrace', "It's the ideal Bar/Pub to chill after dinner and/or before go to a NIGHT CLUB.\nThe perfect spot to hang around while getting the moode for a late party", 'Great wings and Grid Potatoes. Quiet atmosphere on a Monday evening.', 'Great Irishpub near river Aurajoki, Guinness in tab', "Nice selection of alcoholic beverages, and even some tasty basic food options. Sometimes there's gigs, sometimes they are free. I don't think it's a good venue though, on the free gigs at least there's usually so much people that it gets hard to breathe.", 'Good friendly friends! Not staff. But friend that will give you a taste of local bar. Finito Mi Birra 🍻', 'A small and intimate bar with a jukebox. Plenty of magazines to read. A somewhat legendary place.', 'One of the originals', 'What a charming bar. Karaoke.\nAtmosphere from the 80s\nMany of the customers are real downers.\nI will definitely go again.', 'Old style finnish pub. Clearly not for suited customers but rather the otherside of regular folk and unique characters. They have a patio at courtyard and occassional live music.', "Legendary rock bar. Cramped seating; half of the denizens look as if they've just escaped from the intergalactic penitentiary on the planet Zarb, the other half actually have and are in disguise as a result. Superb  drunken conversations to be had. Home. I wouldn't instantly recommend for children, straights or tourists, which is undoubtedly its charm.", "This is a down and dirty bar with cheap prices, unsophisticated, primarily male, clientele, and a grimy atmosphere. Wrth a visit if you want to see an authentic bar with no frills and don't mind a bit of banter from locao drunks who definitely don't speak a second language (at least well).", 'Ramones', 'Quite a nice place for some beer drinking\nWith a student card beer cists 3 90 euro', "Same old same old!\nWith the pandemic and lockdowns, I had not been to Portti since 2020.\nThe place hasn't changed and still a great place where to hang out after a long day of work.", 'A lovely pub that has student-friendly prices: present a valid student ID card for a beer at 4,50 €. Also has happy hour pricing before 9 PM for an even greater price reduction. Features good ambiance, a very friendly staff and an excellent selection of beers, both on tap and in bottles.', 'Good bar much beer 5/5', 'Nice place for a beer! Their selection of Danish beers is especially exciting as there are not many places where you can try out craft beers from Denmark in the city. Fairly close to the city center and has a nice atmosphere. Also sports a big screen for sports events!', 'For someone who likes beer this is probably a 5 star place (my beer enthusiast friend picked the place), but as a cider lover this was also really nice! A good sortiment and the bartender was knowledgeable and had good suggestions. Definitely recommended!', 'Bar is cute and nice to sit with friends, talking and watch sports. 😘👌🍻', 'Always good selection of beers and recently interesting whiskies. Terrace is especially nice during summer as the traffic is surprisingly quiet even though it is in a corner spot.', 'Nice and friendly staff, open minded and qualified. The bar has a nice retro look&feel and a huge terrace-like area outside. Prices are ok and lower than in many bars at the river. Cocktails were very tasty, well and fresh prepared.\n\nAll chairs face the pedestrian walk, which makes pedestrians feel like being on a catwalk. That‘s interesting to see from both perspectives. :-)', "There are usually many customers here so you may not find sitting place . It has vintage interior , reminding me bars in London . It has cost atmosphere so you don't get bored . Summer time there is big terrace to sit outside to enjoy sunny days .", 'excellent selection of beers, including Newcastle Brown. Lovely staff. wifi and spicy fish&chips. Very content', 'Most popular bar in town', 'Lovely place .. great drinks !!\nMango Martini... Mango Collins', 'Cheaper beer for students and they turned the Ireland match on, on a huge screen, just for us.', 'Typical chain pub. Nothing personal, but then again nothing too bad.\nPoor selection though.', "A nice bar. Priced well and it's very comfy. Staff was nice and warm. Really liked this place.", 'Was very excited to find the pub in an old bank building. Great place to get some food and drinks. Lovely and kind staff.', 'Great music, good vibes. The change from a horseshoe bar to one against the wall can cause a crowd at the bar, but now the main space is open and easier to chat with other patrons.', 'It was surprising to see decent food prices in a restaurant in Finland. But when we got the food we understood why - the portions were for kids rather than adults, so in the end the price was rather high for what was really offered. The staff was nice.', 'Extremely toxic bouncers. Violent. One of the bouncers threatened to punch out my teeth.', "Has a bar counter seating and cocktails. Quite limited selection of cocktails that seem to be really basic. GT with frozen blueberry and a pinecone (hard to tell if it is foodsafe). Very limited selection of whisky and fresh ingridients. They don't even have a sharp knife to cut lime thin, is it a wedge or a slice? They mostly don't care about presentation / garnishes, they don't shake whisky sours well enough to have an acceptable egg white foam head. They ask decent money (11€+ per drink) for sloppy work. Space behind bar is organised poorly and two bartenders have to share one station, being in each other's way. They obliged with my requests (Penicillin), results were passable, but not quite worth the money. Sorry!", 'Easy going place in the city centre and really nice bartenders.', 'Nice bar downtown, quiet music on the background until dj arrived. Nice service too', 'Best cocktails in town.\nI ve been few times and I was disappointed by the music.\nSimply killing your mood.', "The BEST and greatest whisky selection that I've come across in Finland so far... The perfect old pub set up for one to enjoy his scotch, Irish,  Canadian, or Bourbon, among many more choices.\nAnd the senior bartender behind the bar counter just add more panache to the space.\nGreat taste also in the playlist of classics from American old rock n roll.", 'Whiskey bar is a great place to sit and drink with friends. Not too crowded and over 200 whiskeys on offer. Low key, come as you are.', 'Nice bar, large collection of whiskey. Music is mostly rock, the place is quite small and usually crowded and the toilets are in pretty bad condition. All in all a decent bar for a drink, but not the most sophisticated place you can go to.', 'Best bar in Turku. After a couple of years, the same.', "Friendly neighborhood atmosphere. Shaggy bar dog is Emma. Pool table and board games. Pizza with many toppings and meatballs with pickles were tasty. Big TVs for sports. English is spoken if that's an issue.", 'Excellent service and cozy atmosphere.', 'Cool  place for drink and eat pizza.....', 'Pizza 🍕 4/5\nBeer selection 🍺 4/5\nStaff 🤵 5/5\nBonus: terrace & pool table', 'Great atmosphere, great service.', 'Very pleasant bar near Turku Market Square. Number of customer places is surprisingly big. Music is on reasonable volume and discussions possible. The place is also sports-friendly. I would very likely be regular if lived nearby. Open late also on quiet evenings.', 'Nice service, enjoyd my first ever music bingo', 'Quite basic, if a little fancy place. It was cozy and felt nice and clean. Staff were nice and knowledgeable. Normal price range and good selection of drinks.', 'Good bar where you can drink yourself jolly until 5 am or so. Staff is friendly and the prices are right as rain.\n\nThere is a bunch of screens showing sports and a delightful jukebox.\n\nAlso: great location.', "What do you want from a bar? Note, a bar, not a restaurant that serves drinks, nor yet a theme-styled 'pub' with pretensions to grandeur.\nThe Bristol's main virtues are those in Orwell's classic essay on 'The Moon Under Water'. *\nVery good friendly staff; a good range of keg and bottled beers, a comfortable lived in ambience which makes no concessions to dirt, a clientele that mind their own business and yet the mot juste can be offered with friendliness and wit. Indoor smoking facilities are available through a dedicated room.\n\n*There are quizzes frequently, on music, cinema and general knowledge but these do not so much intrude as decorate and enhance the drinking experience. Ditto, the large stock of board games, if you are that way inclined.\nFootball and ice hockey appear on screens but do not dominate.", 'Most of the time there is live performances on, also there are around 10 flatscreens around the pub playing live football. Beer is good and the mood is like in a classic english public house.', 'My Favorite place in Turku ! Lovely staff/owners and cosy atmosphere !', 'A standard finnish bar. Good place to get drunk', 'Amazing cocktails they make with their own liquor and the food was just great pub food. Staff was fun and the atmosphere of the whole place was relaxing! Would definitely recommend this as a bar you must visit when in Turku.', 'Traditional beers, location is excellent and great interior.', 'One of the best bars to hang out in town.', 'Local pub nice atmosphere. Serve the  normal beverages. They have Stand up and some trubadurs there once in a while too. Local pub🤪', 'Hdhdhsjfnx drink gshdhckcnddhf dancing jdjxjsjcjdjd singing.......I was very very drunk!', 'If dondo is too youthful, go here', 'Peaceful place. Could use a little re-touch', 'Irkku-type neighborhood pub, summer and autumn terrace, ok prices, ok service. Good location.', 'Just fine, a little drunk?', 'Ok. Matter of fact Good service.', 'Drunk. It would need a major renovation.', "Local pub which support local footballclub Gnistan. Don't eat there, Drink beer", 'Friendly neighbourhood bar with a nice summer terrace and a rather rowdy atmosphere. Bonus points for a hefty selection of different beers!', "Really pretty Irish Pub style decoration and the place has a wooden terrace. The location is great too, it's right near Oulunkylä trainstation. From the terrace, you can watch trains come and go, while having a beer or two and a snack if you like. Definetely worth a visit.", "A fraction better traditional local bar where you might spend a whole evening and then wander home behind the corner. Atmosphere is golden here especially during karaoke and live gigs.\n\nCustomers are mainly local regular Joe's from younger adults to oldtimers. This is a local bar for locals and can be seen from the atmosphere too. This place seem to be quite popular for meeting and hang around with friends that might come even longer distances to spend time here or have a get together with mutual interest to certain hobby.\n\nLiquid beverages are priced below average which is great for wallet issues. Regular lager beer is somewhere around 5 Euros. Solid beverages selection is a tad more expensive - starting from 6 Euros. Even though solid beverages are a bit more bar snacks-oriented the overall selection from both liquid and solid is grand.\n\nAtmosphere is golden here during karaoke or live gigs. When this place is getting packed it's quite noisy and this makes hard to hear if you're next in the queue to karaoke. Conversation is also quite hard when this place is full. So this venue is not recommend if you're looking for quieter atmosphere.\n\nOverall I don't have much things to complain here. This isn't by any means a fancy bar. It's honest - it doesn't hide its feathers and therefore it shines among other bars in Helsinki for being traditional. This establishment is well located next to railway station and bus stops - so coming here is easy even if you're commuting. Just visit here if you're looking for the heart and soul of suburb bars. This is one those traditional places to visit.", 'Gr8est bar/nightclub in eastern Helsinki', 'Five star bar! Good place for a beer at the daytime. Good place for a beer at the night time too. Pretty good selection of beers...', 'This is a very good place to have afterwork beer. The interior design is fantastic and wherever you look you can see the art in it.', 'The place is nice the music is good but racist violent security even without the need for violence and very arrogant manager but bartenders was fine', 'Many pool tables, great atmosphere and live music on weekends. Along with a wide variety of drinks, they even provide some grilled food if a night out or playing billiards makes you hungry.', 'They charge an entry fee after 9. Amazing live music along with many pool tables. I believe the top floor has a different music theme', 'Best place to sing karaoke in town!', 'This is actually a nice place. It has biliard, it has a certain irish feel to it. At least in my opinion. Good live bands every now and again.', 'Wonderful place, always go here when visiting in Oulu.', 'Sometimes you find a bar you really like. This is one of them. Great choice of beers, games, quiet corners and rowdy tables. Really good spot.', 'Have not tried any food here, but I was impressed with their selection of whisky and beer. For fans of Brewdog, they have it!\nThey also stock Guiness Nitro IPA, which is very good too.\nInterior is very plush, and there is ample room. There is also a blackjack table inside.', 'A nice place to spend the evening. Cozy and friendly environment.', "If you like beer, this is definetely a place for you to check! I'm not sure, but I bet they have like more than  one hundred different beers (according to their website, they have sold total of 1655 different beers). You can order just coffee too - that's fine!", 'Decided to drop by on a Sunday night. It was not too busy but nice amount of people at bar.  Good selection of beer on tap. Ended up getting a Porterhouse Nitro Red Ale which was sooo creamy. Very tasty beer at a good price.', 'So many craft beers 😍\nThey put games on tv ⚽\nNo food', 'great place to stop in oulu and have a big choice of beers.', 'An English style pub with a wide choice of beer. The pub has a weird layout and is only really has seating areas for groups of 3 or 4. They have board games and some are in English. They also show premier league football. The beer is expensive but so is the rest of Finland!', 'A true living room for the locals. Fireplace and all', "This is a pub near the Oulu market square. Several choices of beer, beverages and other drinks. There is a covered  drinking area with a view to the direction of the market square.\n\nSomehow premises don't suit well for, well, any number of people. It's difficult to move inside bar for a free seat, and maybe that's why, people stay at the bar area. This again makes it even more difficult to move or even place an order at the bar. There is no table service here.", 'One of the best and most comfy pubs in Finland. Excellent selection of whiskeys and great cocktails. Fireplace adds a nice touch especially during winter. Do not change a thing.', 'This place is so calming and sweet. The staff there knows what they are doing and are very professional. The athmosphere is amazing too. You can describe a drink to the bartender and they will make you the perfect drink that you are sure to love', 'I wanted a hot beverage. Cold glass with mild warm beverage. Bartender (female) was just having some kind of fun with a male "customer" (who did not even buy anything). I shall never go again this place.', 'Great staff, awesome atmosphere and a cosy place to drink few brewskies or long drinks! In summer, the sun shines all day to the patio!', 'A chill place to spend a night with friends. They offer blankets for cold nights.', "WOW!! Teerenpeli's own NEIPA (New England India Pale Ale) is easily the best hazy/juicy IPA I've tasted in Finland and it would hold up against anything from the US, where the style is everywhere.   Those who don't normally go for IPAs will find the citrus really softens the flavor and makes it more refreshing.", 'Small menu but the food was great. Service was friendly and the whiskey superb!', 'We had an amazing dinner there. Staff was nice, food was spectacular. Will 100% return', 'Great burger .Beer is good too.Place was not to crowded,so everything went smooth', 'Probably the best pub in Jyvaskyla in terms of design and architecture. The vibe is amazing here, quite antique and fancy. The beers are ok, because its expensive say 9-10 euro for 0.33Cc, which is higer than any other bars. The options in the beers are nice.', "One of many pubs on a pedestrianized street. But it definitely stands out. It has street terrace with rain shields and sitting options inside. By interior it's not a pure Irish pub, but by atmosphere and attitude it really is.\nFood. Just 2 dishes was tasted - Guinness and Kilkenny. I would say that their taste was very close to what I had in Ireland.\nService. Probably the best words to say is unbelieving attention. Precise and accurate description of options, timely table service, positive attitude.\nPrice. The price is higher than in central or western Europe, but it's ok within Finland.\nAtmosphere. It's not covered with clovers and overwhelming green, but it's a nice place to have a pint.", 'A really wide selection of beers on tap, both local and imported. Definitely a place with great vibe, which is also very popular with the locals.', 'Nice place to hang out with friends for the evenings after work , great customer friendly environment and the Middle of the city centre, you can catch your public bus from the closest bus stops to 3-5 minutes walking distance 😀', "One of the best Bars in town. Nice atmosphere and great drinks! You can find boardgames to create activity for your evening or enjoy the music that great DJ's are playing. I highly recommend visiting this bar!", 'Good selection of beer as always in their baars.', "A gastropub specializing in local beer, cider and whiskey, made at the Teerenpeli brewery/distillery in Lahti. It's a bit pricy, but the sour beers I sampled were tasty, and the interior atmosphere is quite cosy. Friendly customer service as well!", "This place has a very interesting selection of beers. If you like to experience new tastes i would recommend this place. It's a pricey place though. Terrace. Restrooms. Tables inside.", 'Their service in excellent,  they speak both English and Finnish', "One of my favourite places for a quick beer or a glass of red wine. I like watching the passing traffic (cars and motorcycles) and the the place itself is laid back, clean and there's lots of space both indoors and out at the terrace. Not a fine place in no means, but laid back and welcomes you to have a sip in your comfy shorts. Definitely add on your list of places to visit.", "One of the Jyväskylä's best bars if you just want to get the gang together and have a chat over some drinks. The staff is mostly agreeable. The absolutely best thing about the place is the atmosphere!", "Jyväskylä's unofficial rock bar. Beer, long-haired people in black clothes, flipper machines, small concerts, exhibits from local artists. Located inside a historical old train station.", 'All dishes were extremely delicious! They have a fully vegan burger on the list and if you are a fan of burgers, tasting their Revolution burger is a must! Excellent, very friendly service in fully proficient English. Special offers (eg tacos 10 EUR) on some nights. Might be a bit crowded, but six persons can easily be seated. Ask to be on the bar side to watch current sport games on TV, also many board games available while waiting for food. It was such a great experience, we had to have it two nights in a row 😀 kiitos!', "Apparently we were too loud. After they told us to be quiet another party was being loud and we didn't see them being shushed. Food was fine but not necessarily worth the price. Not coming again.", 'The food:\nHamburger beef was well made eventhough we ordered medium steaks. Other than that, it was a good burger. Not special, but good. The bread was OK, but the starter shrimps were excellent! Staff was friendly!\n\nBar:\nEverybody dances on the tables, awesome! Its a good party. The dj plays quite mixed music, not sure if its a good thing. Age limit seems quite young, so if youre pushing 30 this maybe not your place.', 'To be honest, the food was mediocre at best. Burger bun and patty were dry and tasteless, which ruined the burger.\n\nBut I wanted to give this place still four stars because of the service. The attitude of the server was fantastic which honestly made the visit a lot better.', "Great place for kids during daytime when it's not so crowded. Nice ambience and good customer service.", 'Lively party game bar (for adults only after 18:00).', 'Fun place to go bowling, but the staff were very apathetic. Our lane glitched out, and when we called them to help, they rolled their eyes at us and said it was because we were "throwing the balls too hard".\n\nLater we bought some tokens to try out the arcade machines. Half of them were not working. I really looked forward to trying out Space Invaders (which they advertise on their website), but it didn\'t even exist at the premises.\n\nOn top of that, one of the machines swallowed my friend\'s token. At 1€ per token, that is a pretty expensive glitch!\n\nI still had fun, and I\'m glad a place like this exists in Jyväskylä, but I feel like it\'s not quite living up to its potential.', 'Decent services, good games. It\'s quite dark and "cave-like". Customers service was mediocre but no face masks in use.', '👌', 'Only place to see live football on a hockey game day', 'Locals small sports pub', 'Game on', 'Best karaoke place in kuopio', 'Ok', 'Very homely place', 'Ok', 'There should be a separate column for sexy male waiters, in which case the place would be 6/5.\n\nA warm atmosphere, cold drinks and sparkling customer service - this is what living rooms are made of!', "You can't talk about a very friendly service, but maybe our own behavior wasn't very commendable either. It's both sides, you can get whatever you order.", "Sometime in 1998-9 I also lifted a lot of kegs from which to pour beer. THE LEVEL HAS DROPPED/ THIS GUY DOESN'T SPEAK ANYTHING GOOD IF KALJA FELL ME.... MEDIA TIME?!?", "I don't really like it. Always carrying the same ones there, I didn't visit my place a couple of times, they weren't enough for me.", '👌', 'A real neighborhood bar. A big plus from live music!', "On November 4, 2022, I bought sausage fries from Pörrin Pesä and I have to say that without a doubt the best sausage fries I've ever eaten and really nice staff. Big recommendation!", 'If I could give negative stars, there would be quite a few. If you arrive in the wrong club in the opinion of the staff, you will be denied entry, even if you are completely eligible in another club. "I am a restaurateur and I decide about my customers". So be it. "I am a serious customer who spends money and I decide on my bar"', 'Very friendly people and great beer! Try the variety there in the shop and buy the best with you', 'Excellent beer, decent prices', 'Great beer at great location, if you want to get out from centre', 'Best experience ever!!!', 'Amazing customer service, fair prices and immaculate vibes all around.', 'A rude cave full of teenagers, who fortunately are not allowed in the more upscale brothels.', 'Really dirty place with sticky floors and always glass shards on the floor. You should invest in cleaning and removing glass mugs from use, as well as investing in the maintenance of the property.', 'Narikka cost €5, which is quite expensive, but of course you can get drinks at half price. The selection of drinks is quite limited. The surfaces of the place are dirty and sticky and everything is broken. Not terribly interested in visiting in the future.', 'Gloomy and dusty old tavern for weary travelers and explorers. Excellent place to wind down and relax between you legendary exploits and quests for glory! I bet even the exiled royal family of long dead Finnish kings visit here during the bitter winter storms.', 'A lot of room and a nice beer selection. Especially a nice variety of Brewdog beers. Short walk from the Kuopip bus and train stations.', "Pub with good selection of beers. Also a seasonally changing selection of specialties from small breweries. Atmosphere is nice, although later in the evening it's usually quite crowded. In the summer you can enjoy your beer on the terrace, which has a beautiful view to the Kuopio Cathedral. You can also play boardgames here.", 'One of the best restaurants in whole Finland when it comes to selection of beers. Fantastic unique service. Also wide range of wines available in upstrairs. Definately a place to visit.', "If local bar is defined as an establishment where customers come in with friends and have good time, this bar really is a local bar. Most use their liberty and possibility to purchase alcoholic beverages. There are two floors, underground is not open every day. Summer time doubles the number of seats when outdoors terrace on one of town's central pedestrian street is open.", 'Nice environment and cheap beer.', 'Beer bar', 'Great for cheap drinks', 'Small and cozy', 'Good pub athmosphere', 'A really small and intimate place. Sympathetic. Good karaoke and atmosphere.', 'If the price level at Lahti\'s passenger harbor causes a stir, that\'s okay. There is even a lake view from the terrace of the Point pub, and even the laziest can walk from the harbor to the Point in a few minutes. The price level is significantly more "down to earth" than "seaside" and it\'s good to sit in the sunshine. Fast and good service. For drive-by situations, Point also has a fairly large parking lot as a bar, where it\'s easy to turn around. Of course, I don\'t encourage driving and slouching, so maybe an egg mangel or a foot pedal is still a better option. I highly recommend it to a lover of local kapakos.', 'Great place. Rude clientelle But the Kindness and cheerfully manners of the owner and his barmaids does make all the difference. Higly recomended as a Must go Sports Bar... Still the Beat in town, year after year', "A remarkable piece of nightlife history at the heart of Lahti. This place is looking like a timecapsule from the times when things where a bit different. And you can smell that history still here because of their fitted carpet and textures.\n\nThis is remarkable piece of Lahti nightlife history still looking the very same it used to be. Everything smells the same when this place used to allow smoking inside. I think this smell is coated to the textures of this establishment and it's hard to get rid of that.\n\nThis place is big and used to be the center hub for partying in Lahti and it still sometimes gather young people enough to party like it used shine. It may not be the same experience what used to be but it still is a living example of the times when young adults spend more times in the nightclubs than outside.\n\nHow I feel about this place? It's clearly not my place to be that's for sure. Everything here feels a bit like a wind from the past - even the service. It wasn't bad at all. It just had the same feeling like this place has - a bit old and forgotten somehow.\n\nGenerally speaking this is an easygoing hang around place for young adults. It's ok place to be. There's plenty of room and plenty of games of many sorts to spend time with. Good views to outside for to look passing meaningful life. This place is not for me though - maybe someone else. Young adults perhaps.", 'Dive bar with a restless atmosphere and patrons you do not desire to engage in conversation with. Has a few pinball games which is a plus.', 'Fun place to hang out & play pinball.', 'This is a pleasant bar on edge of Lahti city center. Still it is only a block from the market square and opposite of old bus station. There is a decent selection of drinks, no food available. There are several games, a pool table and bingo night events for customers.', 'Cheap beer and friendly atmosphere', 'Great karhu beer here', 'Quiet, good location', 'Fair prices, good spot. If you are under 35yrs, this is not your kind of of place.', 'Ok', 'Normal beer bar in Lahti.\nYou can take drinks and snack too.', 'Perfect. Great vino,  good bartender,', 'A dimly atmospheric bar space. Good selection of draft beers.', 'A cozy local bar with karaoke if there are no corona restrictions. You can also watch hockey and football games on the TV screens. Good deals on drinks in between. Event evenings with live music a few times a year, for example at Halloween time or in the summer during the terrace times, the opening and closing parties of the summer season. A few slot machines.', 'Nice little bar! The price of the beer is appropriate and the service is friendly. The location is a bit hidden and the views from the terrace are a bit grim.', 'A long-time regular customer, had to change places when they stopped holding karaoke completely again.', 'Ok', "The owner is really friendly. It's a pleasure to visit. Thank you.", 'The best pint and service in the world!', "Wasn't Milan 4/5.", "This is a very cool, cozy, and beautiful pub. Lovely friendly, helpful, and welcoming\nstaff.\nGood selections of house beers. For the whiskey lover, the house whiskeys are a must try item. Good music to dance to on\nFridavs and Saturdavs.\nIf you should visit Lahti, Teerenpeli is\nIt's definitely a place to go!", 'Very cozy place. Very crowded in the night but still a must when you want to hang out in Lahti. Signature sour beers are the best !👍🏽👍🏽', 'Excellent blueberry mojito! Bartender was cool too :) This place is clean and classy, will be coming back for sure! 😁', 'This is a very cool place. The people there are always nice and fun. Customer service just super. If you should visit Lahti, Teerenpeli is definitely a place to go.😍✌👍', 'Great pizzas and nice service. There seemed to be a lot of games to play and a wide selection of food..', 'Good food, I can do it again. On Saturday, we visited between 17:00 and 18:00, there was no rush hour. A cozy place.', 'Quite a nice place. Small but cozy. There are a couple of televisions showing sports. You can find a lot of drinks and food.', "You should have read the reviews beforehand on foodora.\nHamburgers really dry patties, almost no mayonnaise. French overripe chickpeas, yök. The frying oil probably hasn't been changed in a while either, because the taste is so bitter. Yikes, never again!", 'I decided to stop in here while I was exploring the streets of Lahti. I was pleasantly surprised by the ambience and environment of the bar. The lighting is perfect, the seats are comfortable and most importantly the drinks are fantastic. Make sure you indulge yourself in one of their fantastic cocktails. The young gentlemen with the glasses working behind the bar takes a tremendous amount of pride in his work and creations. The cocktails were beautifully prepared and presented.', 'Albert is a fantastic bartender. By far, the best Old Fashioned’s in Lahti, at Seurahuone. Very courteous service all around. Very top notch!', "Honestly, if you want a lounge experience in Lahti that is open until late, you can't go wrong with this. Front desk is a typical bar setting, but the back room has a real living room atmosphere with books, board games, and good space for small groups to just enjoy their night.\n\nHighly recommended, especially for those not into nightclubs or partying!", 'An iconic Terrace Café from Lahti. Great bites and cocktails with one of the quickest service', 'Very cool', '', '', '', "Manchester United fans will be happy here since you can watch their games (and probably other Premier League games, too) here. Decent selection of local draught beers and cider. Bartender was kinda bored though. You can sit outside and enjoy the view over the western harbour.\nOn my second visit the pub was fairly crowded with locals playing cards. Bartender was nice. Try Slupp beer. It's cheaper here than in the other pubs in Tórshavn.", 'Great atmosphere and lovely people. We got there Saturday night and the place was packed with people. There is a special offer you can drink most of the night unlimited for 100 DKr. I really recommend this place.', 'Monkey night. All the beer and cider you can drink for 100 Crowns. Only Thursdays and Fridays. 20-00 and 22-02:30', 'Basically as-advertised.  Bunch of dudes sitting around watching football.  Beers pretty reasonably priced for the area.', 'Skinny Waitresses prancing around not knowing what service is all about\nFish and Chips was not the freshest and the garlic bread is out of this world, I mean it’s not from Earth I think', 'Food: as you can see at the plate in two dough there was no fish in it. The one which in it  was too small piece\nBut Salmon Soup was delicious.\n\nService: the soup served  in 12 minutes  also  fish&chips she served very late.\n\nAnyway i believe in a season they have a nice atmospher.', "That was delicious. My friend recommended this place for delicious food for a decent price and it's exactly like he said.", "Nice food. Pity they didn't show the GAA football semi final Kerry Vs Derry. All TVs had the mens Wimbledon final on.", "To have a pint of the black stuff to celebrate the St Patrick's Day here in Tallinn has been our long-standing tradition. This time we decided to visit the Old Irish Pub in Lasnamäe. Alas, to our shock and disbelieve they do not serve Guinness?! Yes, correct, no Guinness in the Irish Pub...\nDo not get me wrong, the pub itself was nice, pretty decent food but it just has nothing to do with the true Irish stuff.", "This place has nothing to do with Ireland. The only Irish thing it has is Jameson and that's about it.", "What a nice place to visit. I was many years ago in this place but it was totally different. Now it's so much better, food is tasty, staff is very polite and professional. Life music and great atmosphere.", 'Best place in Lasnamae to have a snack, brunch or a drink. Gonna come over and over', 'Nice place with interesting interior.\nFood came fast and it was average.\nToilets were interesting also.\nThere was really good live music.\nNear to city center.', 'Everything is fine, but keep in mind that the receipt will be 20% more, since the prices in the menu are without VAT', 'Now this is the place where you can pay Old Town prices without actually being in Old Town - 0.5l of basic national lager for 7EUR. Used to go there every now and then for great atmosphere and reasonable prices but after their last price hike - I vote with my wallet and say Adieu, Scotland Yard!', 'Fantastic bar with superior interior design. Everything is so well thought out. We came to celebrate my partners birthday and were looked after real good. Food was exceptional. I had the salmon with cream cheese baked potato and it was fantastic. All the flavors went so well together. I forgot our servers name but Reelika who I presume is the shift manager was very kind and welcoming. Definitely recommend to everyone.', "It's a very nice place, nice decoration, apart from the English guys who drink to death and pee with open Toilette door.", 'Super cozy place, warm atmosphere, lots of romantic lights. You can also order different kinds of meals here, drinks. It’s possible to use playstation. Place where hygiene is high level - hand sanitizers, clean lavatory, recommendations to sanitize your hands. Place, where you can talk, it’s not so loud. Beautiful style of the interior.', "Amazing place with cozy atmosphere. Looks like you can do anything you might like there, we saw people doing a round in Playstation, playing darts and cards. And drinking for sure! They have great cider, but the cherry 🍒 beer was my favourite. It's a small place, so it might be crowded and you need to be there at good time to have seats, but you'll love it!", 'Probably my go to pub when I want a beer. The drinks are cheap, the atmosphere is nice and it’s a nice place to get to know other people.\n\nIf you’re a smoker, the smoking room is a great feature, so you don’t have to leave the pub and freeze to death in the winter.', 'Lovely little underground pub. Never would have found it in my own, but very glad my local friends took me there.\nGood atmosphere, and we had a nice secluded area at the back.\nNice selection of beers and drinks. Really tasty pub food, and I had a really nice vegan burger (am veggie but appreciate the option).\nWill go back again, definitely worth a visit.', 'Big fan of the atmosphere, my favourite pub in Tallinn. Friendly service and great place to spend time with friends.', "Absolutely great food - who would've thought that pub food is made with such attention to detail - and so delicious. Try the cheese balls, the goat cheese salad. The pulled salmon, the cheese wiener schnitzel. All so tasty. New favorite. Amazingly nice staff.", 'A small, cozy pub that has an owner with a huge heart. Would recommend wholeheartedly!', 'Food & drinks was decent and hearty, the interior and atmosphere were charming but i have to talk about our server/waitress Diani (apologies for any spelling error) who was actually smiling (with teeth! A rare phenomenon in Tallinn) and was very helpful and patient! I hope you continue to smile like that and that it spreads to others. Be well!', "Outstanding experience with well priced food that was spectacular!  The borscht was as good as my grandma's and over the schnitzel!  Best find ever with incredible staff.", 'We were 1/2 day in Tallinn on our way to Canada and stopped at this pub with kids for dinner. The food was excellent and not expensive (compared to prices in Canada). We ordered schnitzel, pork ribs and chicken. All portions were large and delicious! The service was great. Thank you the owner, the servers and the chief! We would visit the place again next year. BTW. I recommended this pub to my friend. He was there today and is very satisfied.', 'My first time Vana Villem was in 2015 and I had a great experience. Then, I had the pleasure to return now in October 22 and I really enjoyed my second time here. Really great service from beginning to the end, polite, friendly and attentive waitress, gorgeous food - please pass this to the chefs, good price, big portions, excellent pint of Guinness and fantastic atmosphere. Great place for working lunch, dinning or just hang out with friends for a drink. I really recommend and I will be back soon.', 'A pub. Not Irish. Cricket, not hurling on one screen and some football of the non Gaelic variety on the other. At least the beer was cold. Would have stayed for another pint but they started playing James Blunt so we had to leave. Not a single Irish song played while we were there, not even The Cranberries never mind Wolfe Tones. Get it sorted.', 'Great place, nice ambiance and great collection of alcohols. A small cozy pub right next to the viru gate (gate to the Old-town), providing warm service and alcohol. They are open for long time everyday :) I will recommend this place for travellers and the locals.', 'I’m not a fan of karaoke bars but I had a great time at this place.', "I gave 5 stars for food because drinks wasn't an opinion. The atmosphere depends on who is singing, sometimes they rock and sometimes they suck big time. But I love the place.", "Had a great sea bram, very tasty. Good sitting outside in the old town.\nUnfortunately, the nice waitress didn't seem to have time to clean the tables.\nWhen you're not in a hurry, a nice place.", "I had a disappointing experience at this restaurant. The slow service was frustrating, and to my surprise, a mandatory 20% tip was added to the bill without any prior inquiry. The menu was limited, and only a handful of dishes were available. The beef in the stew was incredibly tough, resembling the sole of a shoe rather than a culinary delight, but the sauce was ok. It wasn't until I used a dictionary later that I understood the confusing items on the bill, but by then, I was already far from the location.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone seeking a pleasant dining experience.", 'Been there twice and both times the service was great. Had the gourmet burger which was really tasty and fresh. It came with fries. Atmosphere is more like a fancy bar than a pub. Definitely going back for the burger.', 'Good view and delicious food. Small portions (about 18€ beef in picture top side) for high prices. Long wait for food/service despite restaurant being only half full.', 'Good food. Interior is so so. Beer selection is different from their website and limited.', 'Really nice place to catch up for drinks and beers 🍻\nInteresting craft beers 🍺 and a good menu. Several dishes are perfect to share 👍', 'What goes well with beer? Fried pigs ears of course! These are well seasoned here in Beer Garden, Tallinn. Deeeeelicious snack. Highly recommended 🤤🥴', 'As a person who doesn’t like beer, this place actually surprised me with the variety of cocktails and this is one of those places where me and my beer drinking friends can both enjoy food and drinks!', "Well, if they want to sell bottled water and explain that you can't drink tap water in Tallinn old town, I would not preciate that. Would you? Garlic bread really nice anyways.", 'my order came 20 minutes after everyone else. is this a salad for you?! It’s not even a ONE pickle!', 'Amazingly is a tourist place with affordable prices and a reasonable quality. We ordered several dishes and all of them achieved our expectations, the burgers are really good them are 6€ for example, and a cheese plate is 3.5€\n\nThe only issue we had there is that the waiter doesn’t know English at all, so we needed to act a little to be understood :-)', 'Good food and good price around 9€ for a plate. The service was not  super friendly. The room was a bit loud.\n\nKiev Kotelet is really good.\nThe BBQ pork is great.\n\nKarja Kelder is the oldest pub in Tallinn. Politicians used to meet there in secret to restore Estonia independence.', 'Fantastic pub in Tallinn!! The waiter are amazing!!! I really recommend this place!\nI watch all the time F1.\nThe bill is well proportionately, 5€ for 500ml of beer 🍺, 1 liter 10€,\nYou can also play at fantastic games like chess ♟ , backgammon and so on.\nI recommend this place if you like the atmosphere of football, f1, and sport like this!', "Being for a weekend in Estonia, I called and reserved a table for a specific Bundesliga match Dortmund - Wolfsburg which was promised to be broadcasted. When arrived, a bartender tried to turn it on, though faced tech issues on all screens and didn't move to resolve. We left completely disappointed as missed the game", 'The worst service and bang for the buck factor in Tallinn. The waitress was either off her meds or on some drugs, as she started screaming and calling me an idiot when asked if 1eur toilet applies if you buy drinks (it does).\n\nThis is ridiculous how bad that place and service are.', 'Ok bar probably really busy when the football is on', 'Went here for some beers and quick food and was very happy with my visit. Their own beers were good and the starters I chose where huge in size and great in taste. Seemed like a very cool local bar, will go back again next time im in town :-)', 'Excellent pub with good looking interiors and a big, green terrace for the summer. Fast and nice service, food was good and in good quantity, ample beer selection and reasonable pricing. Plenty of locals, which is usually a good sign! Much recommended: spicy mushrooms soup!', 'Great spot for drinks! First time trying Estonian craft beer. Definitely worth checking out when in Tallinn. I asked the bartender for a surprise shot and he made this yummy limoncello based drink with Tabasco. You’ll have to try it for yourself!', 'My favorite beer place in Tallinn!!! By far! I’ve been there 3 times during my 5 days visit 😂 They have amazing beer selection…  🍺 I mainly tried high alcohol beers and loved all of them… Must visit!', 'Authentic bar, very cool bartender. Nice atmosphere, cheap prices!', 'Cheap beer, very authentic. Not for the fancy pants 😁', 'Local. Local. Local.', 'Snäki neljapäev on üks huvitavamaid kogemusi. Mõnus Eesti "poiste koosolek". Mulle meeldis!\nFotod olid keelatud seega neid ei saa! (Y)', "Best Wienersnitzel ever, juicy inside & crispy outside. The burger was tasty but the bun didn't stay together. Our waitress was terrific and friendly. It was nice to sit out and enjoy people watching.", 'This place is good for cocktails and drinks. Cheaper than the place opposite. Not the same atmosphere but cheaper for drinks which is a win for me. You can watch the world go by from here too. Didn’t have food here but the prices were much more reasonable than nearby establishments.', 'Great location, reasonable prices, perfect service even on a busy evening. We returned to this place the next day of our stay because we loved everything about this place. They has the Christmas special menu and we ordered the steak. Beers were also great. Definitely recommend 👍🏼', 'Awesome place with awesome prices and awesome staff! Won’t look any further next time I’m hungry in Tallinn. The garlic potatoes are to die for.', 'Lovely environment, music is not too loud so you can have decent conversations.', "Good alternative to Valli Baar (another legendary pub close-by from bygone era). Beer is dirt cheap and warm (you get what you pay for), customers are jolly and retro music is coming from the speakers. Can feel a bit cramped in there and if you're non-smoker like me - you might struggle a bit. Hence the star off. But places like these need all the support they can get so I'll definitely will visit them again.", "Quite a nice bar overall. A small problem is that people smoke inside. Sadly, the barmaid (who is also an owner) has a problem with a louder than average voices. Paying for drinks while getting shouted at should not be there. Don't expect pub style merry vibe there, but a bit depressive quiet vibe.", "Rustic with local regulars, but man they're smoking in there and it's a small pub.", "Nice bar with a view on the runway, regular airport prices, rude staff (first hiding from us to text, the being very abrupt when we ordered) that kills the vibe. In a bar service is 80% of success independent of whether it's in the city centre or on the airport.", 'We were stuck in the airport for 16 or so hours with flight after flight being cancelled due to bad weather. I can thank this little bar for keeping us sane during this inconvenience. Great service, cosy seating and decent beer.', 'We ordered bratwurst! Got them totally cold, just burned in both ends🥴 Never eat there😡', 'Incredibly rude staff. The website says “enjoy while watching one of the many sports channels available”, but nothing was on. When we asked if it was possible to change the channel she didn’t want to talk to us, and just said no. I continued to ask, and she said she wasn’t interested in sports, acted very angry and said that she didn’t actually work there. Just not acceptable to talk to guests/people in that way.', 'We booked a table for ~ 10 ppl. We ordered drinks and snacks. Everything came rather fast👌 the service was friendly and fast. The food was fine, no problems with drinks either. The interior of the place is pleasant - modern and with an artistic touch. The best part of this place is its location - right on the beach with an Amazing sea view. The also have a beautiful wooden terrace. I can definitely recommend this place.', "Place itself looks very nice and fresh. Right next to the sea and with good weather is probably a very nice experience.\n\nUnfortunately the food was average. We were served crepes (sweet...) with red caviar. In Russian restaurant you should get proper small pancakes with red caviar, not crepes. Okroshka was also decent, not the best I've had.\n\nService was slow and seemed to be understaffed as the waitress was super busy taking our order.", 'one of the most desirable neighborhoods in all of Tallinn. breathtaking view of the sea, a relaxing atmosphere, and mouthwatering fare are just some of the benefits of dining here.\nIf you wanted to take your family or some friends out to a nice restaurant for lunch or dinner, this establishment would be among the best options available to you.', "During my brother's visit to Estonia for my graduation, we dined at this restaurant that made a lasting impression on us. The first thing that caught our attention was the captivating atmosphere, situated near the seaside. The gentle breeze and refreshing sea air created a delightful ambiance throughout the entire restaurant. Moreover, the food was not only delicious but also served by incredibly friendly staff members.", 'Nice nostalgial place. friendly service and okay food for pub. Drinks selection was small for my liking for a pub.', 'Ate lunch here. Craft beer selection was a bit weak. Few draft beers. The loaded fries were huge, seljanka 5e was cheap and big portion and the expensive 20e lamb was good. Avoid the schnitzels.', 'This is a classic looking pub on one of the main streets of Tartu. Well priced, honest food, reasonable selection of beers.\n\nWe visited with 3 adults and 3 relatively young kids, had dinner and a drink.\n\nWhat stood out was the service - the young gentleman serving our table was quick, friendly and almost "un-Estonian" in being proactive.\n\nOverall - good for grabbing a beer with the guys and having some food.', 'Overall good place. Sweet potatoe fries were little soggy. Other than that the burger was good and I liked the lime sauce.', "If you are vegan, the coice for you is very poor. No plantbased milk for coffe and the inly meal was a pasta with vegetables. But I would not call them vegetables. It's only freezed vegs. And can food. No good for your stommach. 😬😬", 'The pub was full, have to wait 10 min but it was worth it. The food was delicious, service was fast (even tho staff told us that it may take 45min). There is a kid play corner with toys and slide.\nOrdered garlick bread. For us it was funny that they brought us garlick and bread. (Ofcourse garlic was just a decor). Before Lunch we were at Ahaa, so we had entry tickets on wrist, got 10% discount.', 'Good service and good food. Good prices. Great atmosphere. Remote control to call service. Unique interior design.', "After a long, pleasant bus ride, this was definitely a nice stop. I haven't been here before, but there are good wienerschnitzels here.\nThe design is also pretty comfy, two floors too.", "This place is related to punk rock. So, if you like slamming fire and have a passion for this kind of music - you'll be very welcome!", 'Nice gigs, too few non-alcohol options in the bar, lousy speakers', 'The only rock club /venue  in Tartu. Usually nice people in there, only taking the star off because of lack of drinks in there. You get your usual Saku but no crafty staff which is a shame.', 'A legendary venue that never seems to disappoint.', "Awesome atmosphere, quite a few choices in the menu, delicious food that looks great, and every drink choice is worth trying. I highly recommend this place. If you're not a fan of loud places and live music then I still recommend to return some other time/day/evening as everything else is still worth it.", 'Loved the vibe of the place. Food tasted delicious and it looked more like restaurant serving than pub. Service personnel was fantastic!! I definitely recommend to dine in there.', 'Great location. Tasty food. Nice pub interior. Place to enjoy night and watch football.', 'Great pasta. Would definitely return. ☺️', "Great atmosphere. We randomly got a concert night which was pleasant surprise. The waitress was absolutely wonderful! Keep up with her good work. The food was good (I've had only vegetarian dishes which were very good, especially the grilled dumplings). Plenty of beers to choose from. Highly recommend", "I was about to rate 4 Stars, but it is not fair to blame this Pub for my bad planning. Speed of Service was the only problem I had but I should have been prepared for the European style of dining.\n\nAmbience is what impresses you, as soon as you walk in. I read that this Pub is 300+ years old, and I didn't have any trouble believing it. The brickwalls, ceiling, decor, etc., all give an Old World feel. I ordered a couple of items from the Snacks section, and 1 soup in a Bread Bowl, and everything tasted really good.  Soup itself was very filling, so I ended packing the Snacks.", "The place is absolutelly gorgeous and worth the visit. According to our tour guide, is the only place in Tartu where you can eat some typical Estonian dishes. The food was good, but it did not surprise us. For example, the soup inside the bead was good but the bead itself was gummy and tasteless. The warm vegetables salad was very tasty and we liked it a lot. Keep in mind that they don't cook main cojrses after 9PM, so even if it is 9.03PM you won't be able to make your order.", 'We had dinner and it was an incredible experience.The service was very nice and the main course: pork ribs were delicious and the house beer too. Totally recommended! I attach some fotos to have an idea ;-)', "A night club that doesn't say anything in my jail.", 'Normal place and good service', '', '', 'Very nice trendy bar. Service is fast and high-quality! The bar interior looks super cool and the party atmosphere is on point!', 'Very modern and engaging bar. The atmosphere and interior design is amazing and original, indeed an experience on its own. The staff is friendly and cares about the customers. The menu is varied and the drinks I tried were very tasty.', 'A new place where you can have a night long dance off with your friends! Drinks are good and reasonably priced. They really made the neon scene work and it fits the place perfectly. Loved the staff, always smiley and happy to serve you.', "Great new place. They just opened so they're learning from their new customers how to tailor the service and overall create a pleasant experience. Try it!", "+18 inside when it's +33 outside, cheap beer and food, and very good quality\nSoup 2EUR\nDaily meal 4EUR 11.00-15.00\nBeer 4-4.5EUR\ncastle nearby and river as well, worth to try out, especially in summer\nHighly recommend to visit", 'Great place to visit. Prices are ok and food is tasty. Staff is friendly and helpful as well.\nRegarding the menu, I\'ve ordered: Pork chop Spanish style 7,50 ЕUR + Fried potatoes with  vegetables 2,50 EUR, "Pork in a rural way" Fried pork with a rural potato, a cranberry and fresh vegetables 10,0 EUR, Chicken nuggets with potatoes 5,00 EUR', "Moldy smell, Russian language only. Food wasn't as great as I expected from other reviews. Really dated. No one was there except us, and it still wasn't great. Severely disappointed. Bathroom was rough. But on the plus side, tried Salo for the first time, but didn't like it.", 'Nice place if you want to get away from abundant dancing parties on Saturday night. Food is available even at 11:30pm, beer is served, cards are accepted.', 'There is no card payment and therefore the establishment may be evading taxes and serving not the best alcohol.\nThere is a terrible smell in the room due to lack of ventilation; be prepared for your clothes to be saturated with the smell of smoke for several days.', 'I liked it very much! All of our company.', 'Alcohol is excellent at +5', 'Quiet place.', 'Beers are good prices and some good tunes playing when we stopped by.', 'Food is pretty OK, one thing what didnt like was that service was only in Russian language, although Narva is part of Estonia.', 'Very fast service and atmosphere but I disliked the fact that someone was smoking inside', 'Best pub food on its price', 'I was with my partner and stopped by while passing through. He took the burger and said it was delicious. I took the classic Caesar with chicken and the salad was a bit dry, the cheese was very strange and tasteless, and the capers weren’t very good. We took more lemonade, mine turned out to be tastier, that is, richer in taste.\nBut this is the only normal place in tiny Ivangorod, so you can tolerate some shortcomings. And so, normal guys gather in this pub and have a cultural rest (the owner knows many of them, as far as I understand). All the best to you.', '“Mom, be sure to write a good review! Everything here is delicious!” We were in Ivangorod at the weekend, we went to this place for lunch! Selected based on online reviews. Clean, comfortable, delicious, great service. I liked everything, we recommend. The child said that now this is one of his favorite restaurants.', 'The Pub has friendly and attentive staff, an excellent menu for every taste. A very atmospheric establishment. I recommend to everyone. Probably the best place in town.', 'Went for lunch, really enjoyed it. Despite the fact that the menu had several positions on the foot. Polite and friendly, great atmosphere', "Tere , Hi Ma Olen Inglana , I've been coming to Parnu now for 5 years and never eaten at Bum-Bum untill this week , I've had 2 lovely meals here , good clean fresh well presented good portion sizes and very tasty food . The beer 🍺 and the coffee ☕was great too , good service and very fairly priced too €7 for a meal .Eat inside or outside , 2 eating areas one either side of the building so always check both sides if you want to eat outside . Head Isu .", "The food was great, the service was fast and friendly too.  We had the Bum Bum and it was really good. Kind of like a pork chop our schnitzel on a bed of small tender potatoes topped with grilled onions and some sort of really good cheese.  All together the food was excellent and the prices very reasonable.\n\nThe weather was great so we dined on the large party as we're most of the other parties that we there.  A perfect evening to a great day off traveling thru a great little country...... Estonia!", "Quite lovely stop over for a beer. Make sure it's over 25 degrees if you're out in the summer terass, or the Scandinavian weather will take its toll. Beer A Le Coq 3,5 €.", 'No doubt, i will return here again next time i visit city. Tasty dishes, great portions, fair prices', 'Great selection of alcohol and great service. A nice place to go with pets.', 'A summer chill place and the bar lady is very kind!', 'A nice new place to relax and drink beer😊', 'Good to go swimming', "Excellent restaurant: very reasonable prices, friendly and welcoming staff, absolutely delicious food that leaves you satisfied, not to mention the great selection of beer. It's precisely the kind of restaurant that immerses you in the Estonian world, creating wonderful first impressions. I really enjoyed signing our names on their map, sending greetings from Brașov, Romania!", "I've been coming to Parnu for several years (for spa breaks mostly), and only now I discovered this wonderful rustic beer pub!\nIt has a great selection beers and other drinks, there's a lovely atmosphere, very friendly staff and so far good music which is not so easy to find nowadays.\nIt's close to the main street of Parnu Old Town (Kuninga Street), but it's kind of hidden away in one of the courtyards.\nDidn't try food this time, but next time I will!", 'Great place for a beer and simple food. The owner is very friendly for a chat.\n\nGreat way enjoy your stay in Pärnu', 'Nice place, kind of nostalgic, friendly staff and good beers', 'If you wanna experience real Estonia/Pärnu nightlife- then This is the place to be!', "Delicious Fried 'Kringel' and raisin buns! Nice service, nice atmosphere.", 'Theeee  best bar of the continent', 'Since life has taken me abroad, I rarely visit my hometown Pärnu. In the few days when I got home, I went to as many hotspots as possible in the summer capital, and I have to say that Krõhva was the one with the best service, atmosphere, music selection and cocktails! I would give 6 stars if I could, these are not the boring rum cokes you get there! (Alice was the best)', "Stopped in for a late lunch (combo plate and Vegas burger) Food was well prepared, generous in size and tasty! Ordered burger rare and it arrived perfect! Large beer (70cl!) Comes in frozen mug :) Our waitress was also absolutely great 👍\nOnly slight drawback was the combo plate didn't come on a hot plate, sadly resulting in cold food very quickly. Also missed hot-sause and/or bbq-sauce + salt/pepper on the table (ketchup was provided), but also I didn't ask for it so that one is on me...", 'Amazing and very delicious food. Outstanding quality and should be included for every one in his daily menu specially tourist.', 'Wow, we have best ever ribs, and amazing pulled pork piza, also honey wings were a joy for kids 😋', "The food was excellent. It took 45 minutes to get the food, if it was a maximum of 30 minutes, I would give 5 stars, the New York cheesecake was the crowning glory of good food. I recommend, it's worth a visit!", 'friend did not make it out in one piece', 'If you want to meet a drunk girl or man for one night, and then you won’t recognize each other. You’re in this shithole. Fights are often ordered here. BAR FOR GIVING PACKS!!!!', 'Do you have any problems? Come and in this place you will receive them. A great place for a night fight.\nNot a single taxi company sends its cars to this hole, i.e. you simply won’t leave there, I think this is a sufficient indicator.\nBut the local scum and rednecks really like it here!)', 'All the scum of the city gather in this beautiful place!', '', '', '', 'Draft Guinnes came out as a glass full of warm foam, and the lovely waitress had no problem serving it to me, and charging it, too.  The choice of beers is not too rich and the interior and exterior are a bit too worn out for my taste. However, it seems to be a popular place.', 'Super!', 'Nice and cozy place to hang out in Viljandi especially at night, popular place for hipsters. Has a nice inside yard also. Because of its popularity tends to be crowded.', 'Good prices, great people. More hipstery place, lots of university students. Good parties. Has a yard with seating area and ping pong table', 'Nothing special.\nOur server was just a trainee so we did not get the proper service a person usually expects - there were even no napkins on the table.\nThe food was average, although some of the dishes looked real nice.', 'Delicious food,  great service and reasonable price.  Very nice  location,  straight in the city main area.  Highly recommend 👌', 'Very high prices for food that is just “ok”. Great service. Playlist is comprised of music you would hear at a gym.', 'Decent choice of gluten and lactose free options. Everything tastes great and a nice atmosphere. Prices also quite fair', 'Love this place, it has nurtured and supported some major players in the Estonian music scene.', 'The longest-running bar/rock club in Estonia welcomed us exceptionally well! Despite Rakvere being quite a small town, the rock club itself was very clean and organised, every corner had something unique and the stage, lights as well as the sound were simply spot on! Highly recommended for gigs!', 'Fantastic place to spend time during the late hours. There is not much you can eat but the drinks come at an affordable price. There is a table-football and pool table inside which is very cheap to play.\n\nThe crowd consists of Finnish and Estonian people. There is a hint that the bar is very supportive of the local motorcycle club and during my time there I even saw one hangaround of the Rakvere chapter.', 'Coca cola 250ml was 1€, so overall very affordable. Pub is downstairs and has a fairly low ceiling. There is a very small live stage and a pool table downstairs.\n\nThe pub was quiet at 9 PM on a Friday, but towards 11 PM it started getting crowded.', 'If you find yourself on the Stroget, I highly recommend popping in here for lunch.  The food was great.  Fish and chips were a little bland but the Irish stew and the guinness meat pie were absolutely amazing.  The meat pie was a bit like a stew but I would eat it again in a heartbeat.  Service was good and everyone was friendly.   Inside the pub was beautiful but sitting outside enjoying the weather and the culture and just watching the world go by was great.  Definitely worth stopping in for a bite.', 'Very interesting and crowded bar. Food and drinks were tasty. Recommended', 'Decent Irish Bar right in the main shopping area of Copenhagen. I just nipped in for a Guinness (72 DKK or about £8.40). Food menu looked good. Bar is popular and seating outside quickly fills up, but plenty of room inside.', 'AN AMAZING PLACE!!! My pitstop every time I am In Copenhagen !!!! ...\nStaff is amazing food is SUPER delicious and the open view is refreshing or if you want that musky Pub Vibe the inside has an amazing Wood interior design that makes it feel true to its Pub calling!!!', 'Best Irish pub in Copenhagen, Guinness the best the city has to offer, staff very friendly', 'Is like any other Irish Bar, nice atmosphere and good mood.', "Great pub, friendly staff good Guinnessand IPAs, footballs on the TV, and a basement room with a pool table. Older crowd, which I love. Closest thing I've found in KBH to back home. A*", 'Friendly people. Decent selection of Irish beers. They show most PL matches. They have two TVs, and can show two different matches at once. I go here to see Leeds lose against all kinds of teams.', "Decent food while waiting for a flight, but the nachos I ordered barely had any cheese on it.\n\nWanted a hot drink but was told they didn't serve any.", 'We came in for 15 min no body cleaned the table, I did myself. The girl at the bar wasing glasses and the same time pores the beers,wall the water from gloves goes into the glass 🙄 😱 we ordered hot dogs and chicken stripes, and we wait 40 min for food 🤔 and was disaster, the place was warmer than hallway', 'Place is so miss managed sure none of the personnel here have any experience. Ordered nachos and cheese (hardly any cheese) and a hot dog was stone cold. Total waste of money as for 2 drinks and above mentioned food cost near £40. Defo find another place!!!!', "Went at 11am, excellent staff, service ans atmosphere. We got breakfast bagels, hamburgers, and fries - it wasn't magic. The bagels were hot and cold, and fries way too salty. Not great for the price, but still enjoyed relaxing here. Food can be improved, although understandable at this time of day.", 'If you are looking for a nice, quiet pub - this is the place for you. The atmosphere was just too dull for me, and not a lot of Irish beers or snacks on offer.', 'Great pub near the Copenhagen central station. Friendly service and all you’d expect from an Irish bar. It appeared to be a Manchester City supporters bar. Nowhere is perfect I guess.', 'Great spot for draft and craft beers. Nice atmosphere and plenty of room to sit. They “checkout” took rather long as it took a while for the bartender to select all the beers (of the people in front of me and ourselves) and then to pay. For the rest it was a great experience. There were also pub games downstairs.', 'We had a fantastic time here. Really great atmosphere, nice selection of drinks and alcohol og reasonable prices. 5/5 will come back.', 'We went there on our 1st night\nIn Copenhagen. We met 2 interesting dudes right off and had a great time drinking & chatting all night.', 'Very good beers as well as a wide selection of other alcohols, their food is good too. The decor is nothing like other Irish pubs I have been to. It is clean, classy and does not feel like a trashy pub where people go to get wasted.\nHighly recommend', 'What a pub!!!! Delicious food and great pints. Brian and his team made us feel so welcome. We had the best craic with them. A highlight of our visit to Copenhagen. Thanks guys 😊', "It's an Irish pub until all the televisions come on loud for football.\nFootball is not the reason one seeks out the atmosphere of an Irish pub.\nThe service was very slow. Couldn't get served at the bar (one person serving) because our food was going cold while we waited. Floor service disappeared once the football started. So in the end we left without getting more drinks.\n\nThe food was very good. Tasty, good sized portions. That didn't disappoint.\n\nThe bar itself is very well designed; cosy and welcoming.\n\nI would recommend it on a day there are not things on the television.", "friendly staff with Cosy atmosphere. it's very good place for relaxing. Most importantly small talks are possible there", 'The guards at this pub are racist. They would let my white friends in at the age of 21.  When i showrd my id (black men) they rejected me snd tolde me the age limit is 23. They would not give me a valud reason and rejected me of my age. Even though they let my white friends in at the age of 21. I’ve put the picture of the two guards. Never go to this bar if you wanted to be treated fairly.', 'Amazing place. The bartender gave a different look when I asked for nonalcoholic beer 🍺😉. Then he told me this is the first nonalcoholic beer we are selling. I felt I am different😍.\n\nThe bar has good service and collections of drinks. Like the interior design of the bar.', "I didn't get any food.\n\nThat said, I had a total blast here, drank good beers, and made friends with people from 5 different countries. The service was great and the atmosphere was exactly what I needed.", 'Summary: Racist. Disappointed to say that the establishment exhibited racist profiling at the door. The bouncer shockingly admitted to essentially having ‘quotas’ of the number of black and brown customers they could allow at a time. Some of the worst treatment of customers we’ve seen in all of Copenhagen.', "Sexist policy of letting people in. My male friend with denim shorts wasn't let in because he had shorts. And after that two other males were let in with shorts by no problem.", "Was told I wasnt allowed in because I have tattoos, how ridiculous. I've never started trouble in a bar in my life, and I'm being judged for having tattoos?! When I asked the bouncer about the ridiculous rule, by the way, he had tattoos, he said it was the owners rules. Not cool. Stay away.", 'Good vibe and variety of drinks, average ok music. The DJ that night repeated too many times the same music.', "Nice place but the annoying blond bartender with black hairband and I think ruined my evening. Me and my friend just ordered a cocktail and she told us right away to move somewhere else and not talk in the bar (seriously?) We barely had a zip on our drink, geez. I've been to hundreds of bars and clubs in my life and never experienced this. Stay out of this place if u want good service. The people in the club are allright though and the other bartenders.", 'Seems solid, not full when I went, but was told later it’s a top spot for Copenhageners to hang, in the younger age groups, people in their 20s, maybe above and below as well. Decent bar, would explore again another time when there’s more happening, or go there with a friend, no question.', "DO. NOT. ENTER.\nthis place is 100% false advertisment.\nThey play loud pop music and don't have half of the items on the menu.\nThis is not old, not Irish, and not a pub.\n\nGo to one of the good cosy beer bars instead", 'AVOID at all costs, for your safety !!!\nDISGUSTING place! Security staff harmful towards women!!!! Do not go in there!!! Ruined my two night trip with friends. Manhandled.\nI have footage which I will be passing on to the police.', 'We had a lot of fun in this club. When we arrived there was good live music, they were pretty good and got the  people in a good mood. The music, that was played by the DJ was mixed, they also played some good RnB/ Hip Hop and Afro Beats too. We didn’t have to wait too long for the drinks that’s a big plus! So we could enjoy to the fullest.', 'Literally so fun!! We went on a Monday and had a great time! Security was awesome and on top of it! Felt very safe.\n\nA danish man said that Tuesday was American night, I went then, and did not enjoy it. People were rude and were pushing me around.  It was SO crowded\n\nI would recommend going ANY time but then.', "Went here twice and the first time was amazing and cannot complain, the second time unfortunately was not as good. The food was good but the fried mushrooms on my burger were fridge cold. They did offer to change an appologised but I wasn't waiting again. If this had not happened it would have been a straight 5 stars.", 'Friendly stuff, Carlsberg was amazing :)\nMusic is kinda funny, but its giving  teen vibes :) Reminded me of my teen days haha', 'We ate fish and chip, its delicious but there was a garlic- mayonesse with it. It was very very delicious. Service, price and atmosphere is also very good. We came with our baby and he ate meatballs and potato soup, he liked it. :) thank u for everything.', 'I enjoyed the food the drink and the place. I must say it was pricey tho. (Fish and chips + 2 beers was 290 dkk) Also the portion of the meal was big for me so if you are a small eater you can easily share with a friend.', 'we were glad to have found this amazing speakeasy in Nyhavn! We almost didn’t go to a different place to hangout in the evening because the food and drinks were great and very affordable, the staff were really friendly and nice. The place was very cozy and they are open until 02:00 so we hangout here every evening when we were in Copenhagen. I highly recommend them!!!', 'I thought "this could be a tourist trap", but the location is beautiful. It\'s not a tourist trap. We had "fish and chips", there were small and medium, I believe small will be my choice next time. The fish was good, and white. The dipping sauce tasted good from garlic and the chips were deliciously crisp. Price ok. Service, though they were busy, were attentive.', 'Small bar for Copenhagen but definitely better than the rest. It is like a museum inside and an older crowd which is great. You can sit at a table and enjoy a drink or stand up and dance. The drinks are cheap too!', 'I have never experienced such a rude and careless manager with no sense for customer service, decency and respect for other humans. I went op to kindly tell the manager that their ´Grimbergen Blonde´ has gone severely bad. It tasted rotten, metallic, had no foam, almost no gas and the colour of the beer didn’t look like a normal Grimbergen Blonde. Several of my friends tasted it and had the exact same experience and opinion. Instead of listening and acknowledging my (and my freinds) experience, he denied that anything could be bad with the beer and got super aggressive and mad at me for having the audacity to tell him that their beer has gone bad.\n\nSo please dont drink their Grimbergen Blonde and probably any other of their beers that is not Carlsberg or Tuborg! And please go to any other bar in the surrounding instead, that has some decent and good people behind the bar!', 'Extremely dismissve and rude bartender today (11/07 at 13) - we went in for a cheap beer and the bartender didn’t accept online ID (Swedish ID) - we are 23 and 27! Bartender just ignored us and didn’t reply. This is service industry and we should still be respected as potential customers. Do not recommend if you’re young, they made us feel very unwelcome!', 'Beware of this bar. Lots of thieves. It will completely change your point of view about Copenhagen.\n\nThere are guards and CCTVs\nbut that’s it. Useless.', 'Perfect destination to arrive at around midnight. Party in full swing, large dance floor, Dj, smoke cannons and even colored bubble cannons.\nQuite expensive through.', 'Like the other oip tbh', 'More staff iare needed and this cannot be a Irish pub given the watered down Guinness', 'Had a Bad Experience by showing discrimination on foreigners and we are not even allowed inside and not at all worth going to this pub', 'Celebrate my friends bday. We enjoyed it alot. The crowd is fun and the bar tenders are quite fast in making the orders', "went here with a couple of friends and didn't want then to enter. we were a group of guys and girls and for whatever reason they didn't want two of the girls that were in our group to enter the bar. no reason no justification just said to us that they cannot enter. obviously we just stormed off and will never come here again ever again.", 'The worst service i have experienced in my entire life.\nI signed up for karaoke, waited an hour, the system shot down and I asked when I’m on . I was told my slot was deleted. Then they threatened me by security. NEVER GO HERE EVER if you want to have a decent night!!!!!!!\nAbsolutely horrible. I am traumatised..', 'Another nice place ruined by a bad bouncer. Got told that my friends could not enter, then got pushed out roughly and by force in the street. Sure it is your place you can decide who gets in and who doesn’t but there is a better way of doing it.', 'nice traditional pub. Great to find in the area whilst working locally', 'A nice, friendly, relaxing, well-located, fairly priced pub. The smokers have a special area so the air is fairly fresh.', 'Good food, good beer and great service!', 'Was there awhile ago from England.  Lovely food, drink and atmosphere.  Very friendly', 'Very nice place for lunch in nyhvan port... nice service and environment...it has fire/warm place for cold weather... highly recommended.', "Cozy bar. Bartender was very nice. I am giving 4 stars because I thought the music inside was very boring, I was actually falling asleep and the alcohol didn't help.", 'Cool place to take a break during this cold season in copenhagen. They also serve food if you want to.', 'They managed to serve craft sour tuborg classic and sour grimbergen. A waiter said it’s ok.', 'Cosy and amazing English pub in Frederiskberg. I loved the ambience, quality of service and all the trinkets in there.\n\nIt combines the English pub vibe and Copenhagen vibe very well. I went during the afternoon, after lunch and to watch a match. There were not so many people!\n\nI ordered the pepper steak and the waiter decided to throw away the takeaway portion. Even after asking for a takeaway, her offer was to have dessert, yet had to pay for it. Absolutely hated it.', "The food was superb! Not too expensive considering that it's right in the middle of Frederiksberg. I'm giving it 4 stars just because we had to wait quite a long time, about 40-45 minutes, but I recommend it anyways and I will definitely come back because the waiter was also super nice.", "It was really surprisingly good. I was expecting a tourist bar, you know the kind, but was a cosy place to grab food and some different beers. Dunno why they call it London Pub though. Wasn't at all Londony", 'The food here was absolutely amazing. I traveled here from the United States and came here for my birthday dinner. This might have been the best meal I’ve ever had. I highly recommend the fish. Also, be sure to get the Semifreddo for desert. Good beer, good atmosphere, and good staff as well. 10/10 recommend.', 'One of the first places I went to when I was around 18. The place is decent and most people will be let in.\n\nWhile everyone is welcome the place is mostly Higschoolers 17-21 years and supposedly the "go-to" bar for the Royal Guard when they\'re not on duty.', 'At this place you might meet some different kinds of characters. When I was here there was a big suit gang. Wall street style! But dont worry I was not underdressed.  The vibe can be nice, the dj could not really decide on a vibe- all kinds of music totally mixed up haha\nThe shots here are cheap! Recommend', 'After visiting two more times, I am disappointed.\nIt’s long queue for beer and bartenders just ignoring customers. They just talk to their friends.\nIf you love wasting your time in a queue, this bar is perfect for wasting your time', 'Fantastic should come here people ni w x city great', 'Awesome place. The staff is very kind. They have a variety of drinks, including fernet 😁 Also the burgers are very good.', 'Me and my mate had a beer. Paid 57dkk for a 0.4L tuborg classic. My friend also ordered “Crispy Fries” that were soggy and were served in a cardboard box with ketchup in a small plastic container. But they were showing a football game we enjoyed', 'Very cool place. Truly a little Irish embassy in the heart of Aarhus. A vast selection of fine spirits and for the truly discerning drinker you can even rent a locker to keep a bottle or three of your own private reserve so it is waiting for you when you visit.', 'Absolutely five stars and a plus for the kind and professional service. Whiskey sour was top notch, steak as ordered and bloody decent size not to say big. Seasoned less than more to allow your inner steak lover to adjust it as you want. Free coffee above all else. Chips and the sauce were just as good. Highly recommended. Will come back. Definitely.', 'Great beer, amazing service! Very friendly! Would definitely come back again, even if just to taste the Christmas beers!!', "We had a Gin and Tonic and Southern Comfort. The girl in the bar didn't know what Southern Comfort was and had trubble making s Gin and Tonic. The result was okay but not more. She must have been new on the job.\n\nNice place with a lot of people. Seems to be popular.", 'This is a good place to spend some hours when in Aarhus. Nice place where you can both enjoy some sports on tv or just have a beer with some friends and at really fair prices.', "Great time at this bar. Cheap beer through out the week and you'll meet a lovely bunch of people", 'Cheap and friendly place. Also has a hidden garden area at the back', 'Very sweet owner and barmaid not to mention the cheap prices and the cozy atmosphere. Check out the little  backyard garden during summer.', 'Really nice and cozy place 😊\nFriendly atmosphere and a lovely little garden to enjoy 😁', 'Cheapest beer in town! Authentic atmosphere.', 'Best atmosphere all the time!', "Was enjoyable. Except the smoke.. But if you don't smoke, just don't go there. The tables were also pretty sticky. But aren't they always in a pub? 😂", 'Nice place with ok service. Wish it was smoke free.', "Lively pub, but very smokey- I'd forgotten what it was like. Since the smoking ban in the uk we've got used to not smelling like an ash try after a night out!!", 'Old-school Danish pub. Nothing much to say about it other than this is as old school as it gets.', 'Regular Users. Nice behavior. No noisy Music', 'Very nice local bar 🍺🍺🍺', 'Pretty straight forward.', 'Friendly staff, drunk patrons, good atmosphere.', 'Very rude and immature staff.\n\nI entered about 20 minutes before my friends. I sang one karaoke song. Then a female bartender came to my table and commanded me to buy a drink, right here right now. Or else she was going to throw me out of The Golden Lion...! I was chocked...\n\nI told her that I was going to buy drinks but that I was waiting for my friends. "You buy drinks on you own!", she commanded me... And she kept on and on like she was the general of an army... I kept my cool and told her that she was very rude and should behave...\n\nMy friends soon arrived and she kept her mouth shut...\nI find the staff very power hungry and very immature. I feel sorry for the bartender that she feels so bad about herself that she tried to ruin other peoples fun night. People that don\'t had to work in The weekends...\n\nThe funny thing is that if the staff hadn\'t been so rude, we would have bought much more beverages...\n\nLike others recommand: Join "Sherlock Holmes" bar instead. And stay away from The Golden Lion...!', '250 kr for 10 shots, enough said', 'Possibly unfair but the place was next to empty, dark and the tables sticky. Staff were friendly enough but the drunk at the bar detracted from the already lacking atmosphere.', 'British beers in a Sherlock Holmes themed British pub. Everything served at the correct temperature with courteous and knowledgeable staff. A must try for this in Aarhus looking for something a little different, but also a bit familiar.', 'Nice place to hang out and watch the games. The staff are friendly, and the bar has very neat decor! Worth a visit', 'Good English Pub with a decent selection of beers and craft beers. Cool environment, and often live music. In one part of the bar you can smoke', "A cozy pub that has a rough edge in a good kind of way. Heavily Holmes themed, it's definitely a UK-styled pub. It has a good beer selection and smoking  and non-smoking areas.", "It's pretty good. Fairly cheap, spacious, and the game's always on. There's the snorkel kork korl stork, and the problems with my liege and his splerk gorbcore goblin lord, but there's nothing you can do to change that. You have to accept the things you cannot change. Five stars.", 'Good prices but closed ewrlt at 2', 'Must be one of the cheesiest places to buy beer as you can buy a whole mug for 110', 'Love That place 🥰', 'Cozy lovely place with locals. You can have unexpectedly great evenings in what seems to be only a neighborhood bar.\nI love going there once a week at least with my buddies.', "Fantastic little Bodega in Aarhus, actually bigger than I'd thought, they've got dart and pool and cheap prices for the beer, what more could you wish for?\nI had hoped that the music was a little louder but it was alright.", "It's disgusting that they allow smoking in pubs and not just this one.\nThe rest of the E.U. follow rules and the danish do not!!!!!! What makes them so special", "A really relaxed and traditional place. Grab a cold cheap beer and hear some stories from locals.\n\nTip: It's a smoker friendly place", 'Great atmosphere & friendly staff. Cool decor', 'If you have tattoos don’t go there, we were been told that because we have neck and face tattoos we weren’t allowed to enter.\n\nYou have plenty of better places in Århus than this one.', 'Cheers to the amazing staff this place has!  They make this place truly special! 🍻', 'Nice place to grab a beer!!', 'Small cozy bar, with friendly staff and fair prices. You are allowed to smoke here.', 'Cozy pub, great beer just a pity that smoking is allowed.', 'Great people and great whisky/rum selection', 'Smoking allowed. Classic and cozy', 'The band playing drew me in, the IPA and the friendly staff kept me there as they played through some great tunes...and all on a school night!', 'Very nice place! Good music, nice atmosphere and friendly staff!', 'Great place, great bartenders, excellent service 😎', 'As a foreigner, drinks are a bit underwhelming', "It's one of the best stocked bars in town with a huge selection of beers, whiskys and other alcohol. The prices are also very reasonable. You won't find too much to snack on, though. Most importantly, the atmosphere and clientele is heavily university student. If that is what you're looking, you'll find nowhere better in Aarhus - if not, consider somewhere else", "A ~30 page long beer menu - what's not to like", 'They have a wonderful beer collection ☺️ Impressive. Good prices and friendly staff, too.', 'A nice place with dimm lighting and a wide selection(!!) of beverages (especially beer).\nBoard games and the likes are also available. Enjoy student friendly prices and/or membership discounts (annual membership).', "I have been here only for standup comedies every Sunday at 20:00. The place is nice, but it's underground.", 'Went on a stand-up english comedy noght. Nice place, as it was free, I did expect the drink prices to be higher, and they are definitely quite high. But it is a cozy place that feels rustic and homey.', 'An amazing bar with oldschool vibes and decoration, providing big variety of tapas and very good drinks at reasonable prices. I was there last friday and the bartender who was currently working was the kindest person ever, giving us an amazing customer service and making really good drinks!🍹🍺🍷\nKeep the good work! 🙂', "We went there for the stand up comedy evening, but we couldn't find the entrance to the place. There's no instructions how to get there at all. We arrived at the address and searched for the entrance for 15 minutes with no effect. Considering it's in the cellar, there should be a sign or some other guidance, we also tried calling the place but got no response.", 'Took 1,5h to get food (Place filled to max) but it tasted good! Nice place to drink beers outside if the Weather allows.', 'Lovely place for lunch. Fish and chips were very well presented and battered fish is excellent. Great value', "A pub like in Britain or Ireland and open late which seems rare in this beautiful  Danish town. The selection of beer is great, comprising Irish classics like Guinness and Murphy's as well as Belgian like the wonderful Grimbergen ale.\nRecommendation!", "Lots of options for beer and whiskey, they have the best burger I've had in Denmark, but the hallway always smells like pee.", 'Super.......', 'A wonderful local pub with many different good events.\nPrice moderate', 'Cozy clean place. Would love to come again', 'Really cozy pub, good service and atmosphere. Funny humor among customers and staff, you feel welcome 🍻', 'Hidden in a small alleyway, you can find this amazing classic British Pub. If u like pop culture, draft beer and authenticity this is the place to be!', 'Great english pub in Odense. Great beers, and great atmosphere. Friendly owner.', 'Great English pub,  with a wide selection of British beers on tap.  Plenty of seating as well as a few card games to keep you entertained.  Worth a visit', "Atmosphere was cozy and intimate, drinks were great, staff was super friendly, and they plan out regular events such as karaoke and quizzes. Nothing like a bit of friendly competition to get the beer flowing. I'm DEFINITELY coming back!", 'Perfect place to watch sports. Lots of screens and great beer.', 'Nice screens, many games starred, very cheap beer with a student discount.', 'Great selection of beer, good company and high quality screens to watch all kinds of sport. Mostly football though, and Premier League in particular.', 'One of the best places to watch football games in Odense.', 'Excellent beer bar/pub, great friendly atmosphere and a "must visit" for beer/ol enthusiasts, great choice of beers 👍', 'Love this place. A no nonsens bar with good music, a large range of beers and nice staff. Our favorite bar  if we are in Odense.', "This is one of my absolute favorite bars in Odense. The atmosphere is good, and the personnel are really friendly.\n\nThey got a pretty good variety of cocktails, whisky and also a couple of beers that you're not likely to find in many other places in Odense.\n\nThe prices are pretty fair/average and they're open much of the day which means you can also stop by there by noon and get a cup of coffee.", 'Probably my favorite wateringhole in Odense. Has an impressive selection of beers from around the world with a focus on Danish breweries of all shapes and sizes. Wonderful, chill place on weekdays and more crowded/loud on the weekends.', 'It was very nice ❤️\nWill come again another time 🍺', 'Absolutely fantastic service that makes you feel incredibly welcome, big smiles and good tips on where to go next. Reasonable beer in a classic Danish pub. No one must go to Odense without stopping by, we would love to come again!', 'It was so nice for me to go there again. Will definitely be a place I want to come to for posterity ☀️😊', 'A fun inn in Odense. There is a corona closure, but it will be good to come again when corona opens up society again. There are many regular customers you can have a chat with. So look forward to the opening again and visit the old tavern. It is close to Føtex inner city', "I visited Amy's at the end of a two-day training course with some of th trainers and the participants. Amy's is a very pleasant place and, when we arrived, quite quiet. Wedidn't have any food but the selection of drinks and the service was admiarble and quick.", 'Very nice bar.  Also has outdoor covered patio in the event some rain falls.  Irish coffee tray is postcard worthy.  Wish I lived closer as I would make this my regular spot.', 'This feels like a genuine olace with the right ideas but in the wrong location. It draws a lot of people and feels a little touristy.\n\nWe came rather late in the eve ing when the place was close to full and had beer and a cheese platter, both very good.\n\nNot a bad place at all, just not my preference for a wine bar.', 'Beautiful pub restaurants very friendly staff in middle of the town can sit an watch the world go by well worth a visit', "Fun place with fair prices. All staff in the German Dirndl and Lederhosen - that's a nice Flair. Good music. I recommend to do the spinning wheel! It has some great prizes! For example a vodka bottle with mixers for 45 DKK - it does not get any cheaper than that 😉😄", 'I was not allowed to keep my jacket with me… so I had to spend 35 DKK to store it… and when I got it back and had my seat again, the security staff came to me saying that jackets were not allowed… well, I’ll not be there again, but you should leave your jacket at home if you decide to spend your precious time and money there', 'Really Rude Staff. Had area closed with available seats, and the bar wouldn\'t  open it before more people arrived, even though we had to stand. So no available seat. And everyone in the bar was"Forced" to take of your jackets and pay for the service.  NOT worth a visit.', 'Afterskiparty. Drunk but quite fun. Classic party music.', 'Good, cheap and lively music. Local with good atmosphere. Maybe the music is too loud', 'Relaxed and inexpensive, serving some of the most traditional Danish dishes.', 'Great Danish food, very tasty, very cultural, very good.', 'Very stylish and they serve a great lunch. Bit expensive though.', 'Good place with a nice crowd. Tend to let a bit to many people in for comfort.\nHave a weekly table soccer tournament on Thursdays.', 'Warm, too light and the music was not loud enough, but great party :)', "We were denied the entry because WE DIDN'T HAVE THE EUROPEAN MEDICAL CARD!!! What a bullshit! We had our European id cards,we are over 30 and we WEREN'T DRUNK! What a shame!!!", 'Very nice place. Good music and a lot of happy people.', 'A small pub where you can play dices, smoke inside and get a cold beer at a reasonable price! 🍻', 'Come meet the friendly locals at a place where the staff are as drunk as you and where the drinks are simple, cheap, and plentiful', 'To smokey for my liking', 'I really liked the hat', 'Probably the best playlist in Odense. Cocktails are really good but music is better. Came for the cocktails, stayed for the music. So far from the other places around which play the same trash beats.', "Excellent bar, excellent booze, abd excellent service.\nAdk the bartender about the booze and get a sample.\nWhat's not to like??", 'Best drinks in Odense. Prices are not sky high and the small place is cosy. They do allow smoking every Friday, which makes it a horrible place to be, if you want to enjoy your drink. Live music can be experienced here from time to time too.', 'Perfect drinks, cocktails will bring you to your knees, the music is one of a kind.  The best pub in Odense.', 'Low to the roof but an awsome vibe, and nice drinks pricing!', 'Great danish ambient', 'Ok?', "Really a bad place. I don't think the staff working behind the wardrobe should have their jobs. They are rude and it seems like 1 thing that they have to make sure you have the worst night in the world as soon as you walk in the door. EW! Last time I come here. Really hope that one day Bargroup wakes up and closes this place. Or that things go so badly for the whole Bargroup that they are silently and painfully eaten up by Rekum.", 'C4 conduct really good beer testing festival. They have around 100 different beer to try out. Cheers 🍻', 'Good selection of beers. Great pub setting. Old school boozer', 'Best place to have exactly the beer that suits you. Dark, fruity, sour, bright. From many different countries. Good prices and cozy atmosphere indoor though not many places so be i  good time as it is well visited.', 'When I am very thirsty,,,,,,, let’s stop for for a drink 🤣🤣\nSmall place but wonderful environment , cozy and enjoy a bit of the sun.\nNot much choice on wine , but good mood cover all 🍷🍺', 'You havent been on a real bender if you dont end up here. Watch out for pickpockets and other hustlers. This is were everybody ends up when everything else closes.', 'Best morning bar. Get there around 5-7 am to catch the true atmosphere.', "This is the place to go when every other bar is closed, but you're not ready to end your night, or public transport isn't available yet.", 'Very local dive bar', 'Atmospheric place even though visited around daytime. Beer selection is great and inside area feels very authentic. There is vide selection of beers like there should be in a nice pub. Great outside area and positioning. Burgers were ok, but that kind of can be explained by this place being a pub and that it has rather cheap burgers.', "Amazing traditional pub with loads of home-cooked meal options and a brilliant selection of beers. Best pub I've been to outside of Ireland and Germany.", 'Very cosy and warm, welcoming pub!!! Great selection of beers. Enjoyed the live music. Friendly service. Great ambience!!', 'Fast service, awesome food, probably THE most crispy beer battered onion rings in Denmark, great selection of beers, HUGE 20-25 ft. Bar.\n\nWill definitely be back!', 'John Bull Pub is a nice pub in the center of Aalborg. The interior is old angel style. Only the interior is worth a trip. The large selection of different beers. The staff is nice and helpful. It is definitely a pub that should be visited if you are in Aalborg.', 'Really nice pub with great outdoor tables. You can buy peanuts and potato chips to accompany your drinks here, but no food is available.', 'Great place to chill, have great drinks & great whiskeys at very reasonable prices. Best prices in town for a pub. :)\n\nThe reason for the 3 star is that I believe they could do with a renovation. The booth couches are very outdated & coming apart where you can see the sponge filling of the inside of the seating booth.\n\nAlso their glasses are very dirty and I would like to enjoy my 60kr whiskey from a polished glass not like the glass below which is very old & stained.', "Standard pub you'll find any in place. There was a good verity in beer and we enjoyed ourselves!", 'Cozy spot. Nice selection of both beer and whisky. One of the few places you can smoke inside. Do recommend.', "Well it's a pub on every sense but for aalborg a great party selection on tap and tonnes of brewdog cans.", 'Very nice atmosphere , small place but gives a London vibe. Drinks are cool and very friendly staff.', 'Its a smoking pub so that was a Negative for me but the guy behind the bar made up for it very welcoming Chatty and informative', "Very nice atmosphere.You can play pool, or you can make friends:)Linda and her husband are really nice owners trying to make you feel comfortable in their bar.There is also happy hour and once per year a big celebration of Mallorca bar.Don't avoid it if visiting Aalborg", "I'm not fond of smoking, so 1 star down. Otherwise they were great, so was the crowd.", 'Amazine place to meet all kind of people', 'Nice place to get a beer.', 'Used to be good place to have nice beer.\n\nPast 2 years it become place with rancid beer,  dirty glass and sloppy service.', 'What a great bar fun atmosphere and fab service 😄', 'A great bar with a variety of soft and alcoholic drink options, including beers on tap and a good choice of whisky. Friendly staff too. Perfect for a pre dinner drink, would highly recommend', 'Nice and cozy pub, not too many people on the night we visited (wednesday), and the IPA was a bit flat. Lots of other beers to choose from however. Good place for a beer and a chat. No-smoke pub.', 'Nice place. There is still a pub atmosphere here', 'Has been converted into Old Aalborg.', 'Cozy place, good atmosphere', 'good', 'Larger combined pub, pool table and dart venue situated right in the "main party street". Nice atmosphere and serviceminded staff. Drinks not of the best quality unfortunately.', "Horrible customer service. The barman asked us (in not at all nice way ) to leave table as it was reserved. I was just moving our staff when he took my beer away, full beer I just bought at the bar. When I came to talk about it, he did not even let me speak. He was very rude to me. No apology. He instead insulted me. After I asked him for the name he said he is the owner so it seems like he doesn't care. Well we customers do care. If this is the way he treats his customers, I don't wanna know what he does to his employees. DON'T SUPPORT THIS BUSINESS. There are better pool places in the town anyways. The service was very slow and the place dirty.", 'We always like to go back there.', 'Nice place with good tables, great atmosphere and friendly staff.', 'Not mini golf as you might think, but it has its own charm! Cozy place and fantastic staff\nCan be highly recommended', 'Cool concept and super nice, sweet and good bartenders (or they were)😂', 'Sweetest staff ever, apart from Old irish pub', 'A place that must be experienced. Fun concept and great service', "It's a good place meet with friends or find a new one. Life music, small dance floor and good atmosphere make this please very cousy...", 'A really good bar, great selection of beers, live music sometime. It is also included in the Aalborg Beer Walk which makes it pretty easy to explore. :)', 'Classical pub .. nothing special. Beers are quite chip during the happy hours', 'Live musik ja så er stedet Old Games 💖', 'Great Ambiance even in Monday Evening 👍\nVery friendly Crew\nU should visit here ✌️', 'Very nice bar with a chilled atmosphere\n\nHighlights: draught IPA, Mario Kart Nintendo 64 and a lot more games and entertainment', '"Scandinavian embassy"\nGreat brown bar for a laugh and a Beerenberg, good selection', 'Very good party and I had much luck at the fortune wheel.', 'This is a "brown pub" as we say in Norway. Always nice and regular customers. Everybody is welcome and social, you can also have your privacy if you like. Love it!', 'Home 🏡 away from home 🏡🧡', 'God', 'I like it👍', 'Great place in the city to relax, grab a beer and enjoy your time.', 'Hygligste bette bar downtown!', 'Good old school bodega', 'Cozy place with well priced beer', 'Great place\nNice staff\nWill come back', 'Classic bodega in central Aalborg. Cheep beers and a jukebox. Can smoke inside.', 'Nice little brown pub where you are allowed to smoke. Super friendly service. Good and warm welcome. A place I would like to come again.', "All-time atmosphere, even though there weren't that many of us. Good service 😄", "Nice exterior decoration\nBusy bar specially on a Denmark's football day\nFriendly and polite staff", 'Small but nice dance floor on the second floor. Has NightPay.', 'My absolute favourite bar here in Aalborg!', 'Cosy place on most nights with a great selection of beers with large dance floor', 'Lovely friendly wee pub\nSo nice inside', 'God chill', 'Friendly service and chatty guests', 'A cozy pub and nice service we got.👍🤗', 'Never have I experienced such an unpleasant encounter with a bartender as here! She interfered in whether the unvaccinated are a burden on society simply because I am not vaccinated 😳 never set foot there again', 'Is such a cozy place. Lovely Kromutter, and equally lovely Krofatter. Here we have what everyone should have😍😍😍', 'The Riverside Pub is always a nice place to come\nFriendly staff and good tone in the pub.', 'A nice place to be and cozy 😊', 'Sucks', "In Esbjerg, we are an old fishing town, and otters are still distributed here. It's 10:00 in the morning,, and someone has already tried to start an odd fight - told me to shut up because he got caught in one of his lies and got embarrassed.\nHe then found out himself 😉", "Really bad experience, apparently you can't buy a beer even if you have a photo ID", 'Really good experience. Mona was pleasant at work, but we missed Trine. Really good cocktails.', "Such a nice place. Very cozy and chill sportsbar, and then I think it's nice that you get 20% discount as a student.", 'Nice and frendly', 'Good place', 'Nice place with cozy atmosphere, but under-prioritization of staff in the cloakroom, created conflict for them, seeing having to drop off and pick up jackets', "Nice atmosphere, waiter and bartender paying attention. Was willing to eat some traditional Danish dishes, unfortunately they don't make. But the Mex Burger I ordered was fabulous!! Beer good as well !!", 'Poor girl on her own serving a packed bar. Good on her top marks for being efficient and friendly.\nWould recommend', 'Great atmosphere and lovely staff, highly recommended 🙂', 'Great bar with loads of activities. Perfect for drinking a beer with your buddies while watching a game of football.', 'The tables were really sticky', 'Nice cost place and friendly bar staff. Tuborg was just over £2 a bottle. A lot cheaper than what I was expecting.', "Good friendly staff, and happy hours too. I'll be backbwhen next in Esbjerg.", '35 years of memories!! If the walls could talk!!', 'Great service, good music!! A good place to have fun and to enjoy evening !!!', "I was kicked out in the toilet after I asked if it was cool to skip the queue, after which the guard comes and throws me out.... Fair he doesn't know there is evidence, but when are you guilty of the opposite is proven in dk ? Cool legal society", 'Cool atmosphere nice staff, definitely my go to place', 'Complete power hungry bald guard who lets 15 year old girls in without ID but turns adults away. He must be fired immediately - no one likes him.', '', '', '', '', 'One word that I can use to describe this pub is : humour. Barry is some character I might say  He just never stops joking. I remember ordering a black beer and he asked me if I wanted some milk with it ?!   Apart from the laughter, the pub is well equipped to suit a wide range of alcohool consumers.', 'The place has a nice atmosphere, but the outside chairs are not the most comfortable chairs. The beer and other drinks alongside with the snacks are good, and the staff is friendly!', 'oh yes the best', "Fantastic place for a night out with friends. There's plenty of good beer, dart and dice to keep one going.", 'very good service', 'Good place to play pool', 'They are just good', '', 'Great drinks good music.', 'Nice place, nice staff, great beer. Thanks from lcfc fans', 'Just rather not go back there... Rude guard and completely horrible experience....', 'Comfortable place, smoking allowed upstairs', 'Great selection of draft beer - the biggest in Kolding. If you are not sure what to order, you can get a free sip :) always good atmosphere, big screen to watch sport and live music all year around.', 'Nice English pub, I felt comfortable here and they also had good tea 🤠', 'Just love pubs this. Great selection of beer on tap...only fine for a lager today though...', 'Nice pub, friendly staff.\nBut the food was cold, it tasted like the fish was fried in old oil. I didn’t really like the food.', 'Great bar with very wide selection of drinks, from many beers to various cocktails and even sangria. Interior can get a little tight but the atmosphere is great and very enjoyable. Outside area is sizeable and also includes sheltered area. Highly recommend.', 'Small place but nice  atmosphere\nLittle Funking place\nVery popular  with young people\nExcellent Bar', 'This place is one of the best beer gardens in Kolding. Chill and good prices.\nQ. I. Soda water is more expensive than juice.', "Cosy and good atmosphere. A lot of options for beers and cocktails. Price ranging from cheap to high depending what you want. Option to play some cards and whatnot.\nNice staff. Quizzes on Monday and Wednesday depending on the time of year.\n\nNo smoking inside but outside there's a sizeable area with a bunch of bench spaces, heater elements and a terrace.\n\nCool place!", 'Visited for one beer, now everything smell like cigarette smoke.', 'Cool bar to get on', 'Fantastic little pub, with the best atmosphere and sweet bartender', 'Nice and cozy place with good music.', 'Nice neighborhood pub', 'Such a nice place tin Town 💜 💜', 'Socially amazing 🤩', 'Love it', "Was going to play shuffleboard but no no because we don't live in ancient times and didn't have a physical ID as a deposit. Then they could get a photo of the driver's license and keep my phone, no, not good enough.", 'Good place for joint activities, pool, darts etc.\nHowever, there is a lack of focus on the fact that the selection in the bar can be served, as well as the possibility to use the various activities', "Good hamburgers and nice staff who made a good chicken salad even though it wasn't on the menu 😊", 'Cozy place with food and drinks :)', 'We simply get a nice 4 stars because of the nice toilet and super waitress, probably named Jeanette...nice place', '', '', '', 'We spun the wheel, we won a tank of beer and out the blue, the bartenders decided to spin it again claiming it was not valid. I could only recommend it if you want to be scammed', 'The staff and the door Stewart were completely unprofessional! I frequent a rekom establishment every day and I have NEVER been treated like this!  I am so disappointed with the service. I came  away for a little break from my usual city. I will never come here again!', 'We spun the wheel, we won a tank of beer and out the blue, the bartenders decided to spin it again claiming it was not valid. I could only recommend it if you want to be scammed', 'Super cozy and nice place, nice price for drinks, nice staff. All in all, a very nice place. However, a bit difficult to find if you are not locally known, as Google Maps takes you a strange way, Consider possibly. to get some pictures of your facade posted on Google Maps :)', 'Dough same day fine good angansiment 12 with arrow up', 'They were there for a short day. I liked the atmosphere, the beer was cold and cheap, the music was great.', 'Klods hans has been many things to me - in the "old" days it was a place where I spent a lot of time, today I come occasionally 😎 old days were better. 💐\nWhen you are used to drinking something that is not in stock, you also look for it ✔️ super customer service 👌', "Klods Hans is a super cozy place, you can't go wrong in the city if you're looking for high spirits", 'Lovely pub, good selection of beer and snacks, spot on atmosphere', 'Good beer good staf', 'Nice smorgasbord', 'Small cozy pub.\nGood selection of foreign beers.\nDefinitely worth a visit.\n\nOn warm days, places outside in the pedestrian street where you can enjoy your drink or similar and look at life in the street.', 'Hello, one question, will you be able to see the game this Sunday between Real Madrid and Atlético de Madrid?', "Great place, however not a place I would go if a actually wanted a place to watch sports as music drowns out any sound coming from all of the different TV's however it's a great place to get a couple of beers with friends!", "Been going there for years now, the service is great and so is the music! It's a cozy place to hang", 'Great place,  friendly staff...sells Guinness!!!', 'Cozy place, perfect to grab a drink or beer and talk, or pre-game a night out. The bartenders are down to earth and easy to talk to.', "After a rough saturday night, I needed a stiff drink, so I ventured to the place included in so many of my friends stories, Mary's Pub. The scotch was fine (though the bartenders look was a bit off when I politely refused any ice and instead just a few drops of water), and the beer was cheap and chilled.\nNot the last time I'll make an appearance at Marys.", "A hipster bar in Vejle, cheap beer attracts some weird company. But it's cheap beer so 4/5 generally a great bar for predrinking.", "It's not a place where u should go to, when u are in Vejle...they don't even accept a fully corona vaccination...they are unfriendly and they only answer in word\nShame on u", 'Super 👌', 'Super', 'Great authentic pub. Yesterday was live music with a Bruce Springsteen cover band. The band was first class and entertained the guests very well. All hell broke loose in the alley, great atmosphere and delicious, fresh Carlsberg.', 'Really nice place to visit, very service minded waiters.', 'Friendly staff. Not to badly priced. Great selection of beverages.', 'Perfect place to grab a beer with friends.  The waiter Yannick if I remember right was marvelous helping us as tourists.', 'Had a great night out with boys. Great atmosphere and lovely staff', "Loved it. The best and friendliest pub in town. Very cosy. I'd highly recommend it. There's always a warm welcome from the owners and experienced bar staff. Service with a smile 😊 👍", 'Very enjoyable place, people are kind, cocktails are good, age average is about 30+, prices are good.', 'Regular dance pub club', 'Cool place!', 'Ok', 'terrible, and disgusting place', 'Can be better', "Ok drinks, staff always vary a lot, some are great and others a bit down\n\nYou must not wear cargo pants (i.e. such fashionable ones that are anything but work pants)\n\nThe prices are nothing to write home about, but it's not a robbery", 'Cozy place with lots of atmosphere, but far too tightly packed and a half-baked playlist.\nSo huge minus that exposed tables are not fixed, so the amount of times the table was knocked over with drinks on it was enormous.. Of beautiful dancing mice, not the best impression.', 'A London style pub with great beer selection, both local and international. Good vibe and great music too.', 'The best place in Vejle, especially if you’ve moved here and you’re trying to make friends in the same situation! Great staff, with great knowledge of all things beverage! They don’t do food but I have given them 5 stars because they let you bring your own and will pair your wok this way perfectly with an IPA x', "An excellent pub with great beer and great staff, couldn't have felt more at home.", 'Amazing please for genders! Personal has experience when it come to service but also have a pathetic humor as myself ', "what has to happen for you to see that nobody is dancing with you?  I'll give 5 as an incentive", 'Very good place)))', 'Ok high prices, but nice place', 'Nice interior. Less great management', 'Ok', 'Very crowded', "Tried their Wheel of Fortune, it landed on the most expensive prize, but they won't give it out. Really bad experience", 'A great place, with nice prices and good music 🥳', 'Absolutely fantastic food. My first night in town I was out to grab something to eat and walked by this place and thought let’s have a pita. It was so incredibly good tasting and full that I ended up having to go back couple nights later to enjoy another one before starting my journey back home to Canada.', 'The food is amazing and the owner and his wife are such great hosts. If you want a real tasty food, definitely check this restaurant out!', "Meat is very good, but it's mixed with cheapest, soggy and cold (out of fridge) canned corn and peas. Disgusting choice of veggies", 'Amazing food, this couple make delicious sandwiches and are very hospitable, loved eating in this restaurant and my kids loved their burgers, thank you', 'Cozy place, good drinks and skilled staff.....the music got a little too loud at the end, but other than that a good visit.', 'We had a really good waiter named Oscar, he was very polite and articulate', 'Total chaos to order drinks, and the music was turned up so loud that the sound was just bad and people sat and held their ears.', 'Excellent drinks and service! I recommend!', "I was refused entry tonight: Even though I'm in my thirties and haven't been asked for ID since I was fourteen, tonight was different. My EU drivers license was considered inadequate and it was demanded I present my Danish ID card which I had luckily left at  home.\n\nThe doorman obviously had problems with foreigners and thought he could upset us or start trouble by not allowing us entry. He seemed shocked when it has the opposite effect.\n\nBarmix is one of the top nightclubs in Vejle, which does not mean much considering there are only three of them. Compared to other nightclubs in Denmark and the rest of the world, it's pretty rubbish. We were already reluctant to enter knowing what the place was like from a previous visit, but none of us wanted to be the first to go home. Being refused entry was the best news I had heard all day: It saved me several hundred Kroner, a hangover, and I was able to have a reasonably early night.\n\nThank you idiot doorman. You have made my day :)", "Don't go there when you are visiting Denmark. We couldn't enter to the club because we didn't speak Danish :(. I wish owners the same experience when they will travel to other countries.\nNo party for the people outside Denmark.\nPURE RACISM!!!", 'The doorman has some issues and the staff is rude. No wonder why it was empty on a Friday night.', 'Told me I coulden enter with my "sweat pants" after having bought table.... i got in', "It can't be right that the service in the bar is so slow.\nWhen to sober up before I get served.\n45 min. Is too long to wait and it wasn't just one time.", 'Super cool place! Just Namedrop Jacob H. at the door or at the bar! So you get 100% inside and get a discount!', 'Second time at Tema Bar. Good service from wardrobe to bartender, especially from the new bartender Joakim. Good concept and does its best to get as close to their theme as possible.', "Nice place, good parties and good mood. Only complaint is that I wish there were some guards inside to keep an eye on how the men behave towards the women, so it will be a safer night life. Besides, it's not particularly smart to learn that there is surveillance in the girls' toilet that can be seen in the men's toilet, seems strange...", 'Chill bar and pool-house.', 'God service', 'Anders the man', "Such a real pub with a billiards table, of course in a smoke-filled room even though the premises are smoke-free, with live matches on TV and lots of fans who support them very emotionally. The decor gives a lot to think about, but it's nice and safe", 'A great pub-type place, perfect for a pint with your buddies. The staff really know beer, and the selection is tops. I just let them choose for me, and they totally nailed it!', 'One of the best bars in Roskilde. Has good selection on tap, sometimes small batches, I was fortunate to try some. Overall nice and cozy place with barman easy to talk to and always has a story to tell', "Nice and cozy bar with loads of different draft beers.\n\nWe were met by a very jolly bartender who let us taste some samples in the category we were searching for so you're sure to get a beer you like. Definitely a recommendation", 'Fun place to hangout and drink beers. They have a variety of international beers on TAP, which is such a big pro! Nice service. They fill your beer to the brim, and with a smile😁', "Great little bar in Roskilde and it's a very fair price for beers.", "I was her 2 years ago, and the bartender was a bit special and changed the keg to something completely different, but didn't tell me. Tonight, the bartender ended up being one I knew and loved from another bar, so a definite improvement.", 'Nice selection of interesting draft beer. Very laid back and easygoing place, at least on a Tuesday afternoon.', 'Cozy and small local bar with a good selection of both modern and traditional breweries', 'Great place to listen to live music,watch sports, or just drink and hang out. Several rooms to find your groove.  Well run and Guiness was cold and staff is courteous and works hard.   Location is unbelievable you walk outside and see a 700 year old church lit up in the night sky.', 'Really enjoyed my time here...\nThe food was delicious and the drink was also good.\nGreat atmosphere and friendly staff.', 'Ok pun. Atmosphere was good but it gets busy very quickly. Good pun if you want a drink and watch football. I found the waitresses a bit irritating, they provide a good service and then ask you when you pay to give them a tip if they think they received good service…. It doesn’t look genuine, I prefer if you give a good service and WE decide if you deserve a tip or not. Anyway it was an OK experience.', 'Typical "outside Irleand irish pub", but with really good selection of irish beers (on tap: Guinness, Kilkenny, O\'Hara\'s, etc. - way more in bottles). Decent (3.5/5.0) pub food. Nice service and hospitality despite full house.', "Best Adress for Food and Drinks in Prag after 2 days and 5 Restaurants!\nwe were a group of 9 and they opened the lower floor for us early, bartender was super nice and even remembered names.\nDrinks:\nwe drank different kind of beers which are at a good price 95/135 Czech crowns which is okay in my eyes.\n\nFood:\nI took the black Angus steak (I'm a steak lover) and this steak blew me off. haven't had a steak like that in long time. on point medium, perfect seasoning, rounded up with garlicbutter. 12 of 10 points in my eyes. my fellowship had different burgers which all come with fries. prices also reasonable and good here.\n\nCrowd/Place:\nlot of cool folks around all having a good time, we liked the vibe. stayed from 8-10pm. there are a lot of TVS for sport and also dart and pool area. Karaoke Fridays and Saturdays and Live Music almost every day.", "Highly recommend this Irish pub. They host karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays, creating a lively and noisy atmosphere with great vibes. They serve excellent Guinness. While I didn't try the food, they do seem to offer traditional Irish dishes, just be aware that the kitchen closes around 10pm or so. They always have sports on TV, and the staff is exceptionally friendly and accommodating. Prices are reasonable for the area. They do accept card payments", 'Classic irish pub serving guiness and aweosme food like burger, hot dogs, onion rings. The burger was really good.\nWe went to watch F1 race and had big screen with sound.\nThe place is big and could get noisy ad it is a sports bar, people are often loud.\nIf you are looking for sport bar with good food make sure to check it out', "It's a Pub. If that's what you're looking for, this is a great place. The staff was incredible and extremely friendly and welcoming. Some of the best people I met on my trip to Prague. The drinks are cheap, and compared to most similar other places in the area, doesn't get as crowded with people. Come here, have a drink, talk with bartenders and have a good time.", 'We were in Prague for 5 days this September. We ate and drank here every day. Loved this place. Staff is great. Food is great, especially Mary’s Fries.', 'The atmosphere was awful. The only good thing was Maria that was really helpful but after she left the service was REALLY bad.\n\nIf you want to have warm Latino service look for Maria and you’ll have a great time, otherwise, the place is gray and boring.', 'Real irishness both in the atmosphere and the waiters.\nvery funny and authentic experience.\nYou can watch sport on the TVs or just enjoy the different theme nights that this pub offers.\nHighly recommended.', 'Wonderful Irish pub near the center and the river. Czech or Irish beer and lots of whiskeys. Great food: the fish and chips is an authentic piece of England and the spicy chicken wings are among the best I have ever got. Extremely recommended.', "A fabulous pub / restaurant . Great atmosphere and excellent prices. The staff are friendly and helpful.  Definitely give it a try .. After 3 really good visit.  Went last night.  Some Scottish lads came in and ever word was F this F that . Plus he gave us all a detailed description of his thia massage.  Not what you want to hear when out with the wife. I'm not a prud in anyway.  We drank up and left.  We won't be going back.  Sorry Rocky", "Biggest Irish Pub in Prague (that's the claim) it's got two sides that are not really connected which is a bit odd. Plenty of nooks and crannies for seating. Good place for big groups or just one. Food was ok, really enjoyed the soup and chili con carne. The shepherd pie needed alot more seasoning. We went for Trivia night and greatly enjoyed it. Trivia is in English and hosted by a fun gentleman that makes up the quiz every week on his own. This produces a really unique experience very different from the bar trivia games I'm used to back in the states. We did spend almost three hours for the game but as long as that fits in your schedule definitely worth it. Bartenders and servers pretty friendly for Prauge and several Irish beers on tab along with some locals as well.", "This place is fantastic! Great service by Cristina. Excellent and tasty chicken club. Huge big screen for the football match. I'm already back for day 2. Highly recommend.", 'A cozy pub next to the main square. They have a big screen for watching the sports, nice drinks and friendly stuff and the karaoke with people from the whole Europe was fun😁', 'Great atmosphere, fabulous staff all so helpful and friendly and the manager Craig is the best. We were in Prague for 5 days and our best nights were in Caffreys.', 'Amazing Irish bar!\nImpressive selection of beers and cocktails, top-notch burger and friendly staff. The Karaoke and screens created a lively vibe. Perfect spot for a great evening!', "I've visited here a few times but usually for drinks and the staff have always been as expected, friendly helpful and attentive.\n⭐ Service is 5 stars!\n\n🧂 Unfortunately came for the full Irish Breakfast and it was not great.  It looks great, and you will get an actual fry up (everything deep fat fried including toast) and very salty.\n🍳 Eggs were overcooked, chewy and salty.\n🥓 Bacon and sausages were great and beans and tomato were nice but sadly overpowered by the salty eggs and mushrooms.\n☕ Plus side nice to get a proper pot of tea brew with milk.", "I recently had the absolute pleasure of visiting Caffrey's Irish Bar, and I must say, it was an incredible experience that transported me straight to the heart of Ireland. From the moment I walked in, I was greeted with warm hospitality and an authentic atmosphere that truly captures the essence of Irish culture.\n\nThe ambiance of the pub is something to behold. With traditional Irish décor, cozy wooden furniture, and an inviting fireplace, I felt like I was stepping into a charming pub right off the streets of Dublin. The attention to detail in recreating the Irish pub experience was remarkable, and it's clear that the owners have a deep appreciation for Irish heritage.\n\nNow, let's talk about the food and drinks. The menu boasts an impressive selection of classic Irish dishes that are prepared to perfection. I couldn't resist trying the fish and chips, and I was blown away by the crispy batter and tender fish inside. The Irish stew was another highlight, brimming with hearty flavors that warmed both my stomach and my heart. And of course, no visit to an Irish pub would be complete without a pint of Guinness, poured to absolute perfection. The drink menu also offered a wide range of other Irish and international beverages to suit every taste.", 'Popped in yesterday on the off chance as we were visiting the castle. So glad we did had some lunch and the food was excellent. Good size portions reasonably priced. And friendly staff. Would happily return', 'Cool pub with a wide variety of drinks, nice and friendly staff, and an absolutely nice bar to sit at. The menu is stuffed with pleasure foods and everything that we had tasted very, very good. There are also some locals - which is always a good sign !\nFull recommendation.', 'The service was very bad. We ordered for irish fries. They served the fries with bacon on it. As i do not eat meat, i asked her if she can get it without bacon on it. She argued a lot and then finally changed it . But then when we got our bill i was charged for both and the same was not told to me while i was served with the other fries.', 'Perfect bar experience with good beers and great bar snacks. I can definitely recommend the Guinness barbecue chicken wings and beers. They have various draught Czech beer options and Irish whiskey’s. The staff are very welcoming and hospitable also they’re really quick in their job. Total service and bar experience is better than most of the bars in old town. The place is also cozy and spacious. If you are close by just come and drink a couple of beers. You won’t regret. Na zdraví :)', 'Incredibly friendly spot. We stopped in a few times for a pint and chips. They have TVs with UK sports playing and fun Irish music. Highly recommended.', "Highly recommend a visit here if you're in the area. Truly a great pub.\n\nWe stopped in for lunch and a few drinks. The service and food was top notch, as were the drinks. Price is very reasonable. Overall a great place to stop. The best pub we visited in Prague", "Excellent garden patio and welcoming vibes. So glad we popped in here (and then again...and again). The owner clearly loves being here and running this spot and has a contagious upbeat energy. Immediately felt like the right kind of local pub, don't skip out on this spot :)", "Can recommend! A very friendly pub with good food, near many tourist activities. Wonderful Irish music, which is a welcome change from listening to '70s American hits in every other establishment. Great terrace for warmer days. Super Irish coffee!!", 'Very nice staff, but the food is falsely advertised as being “Cuban” when all I got was a standard burger and fries. Very underwhelmed, don’t believe the “fusion” label on the menu. This is just standard pub food.', 'Absolutely enjoyed every minute with Phil and the staff! Best karaoke bar in Prague. The atmosphere was amazing! Kept coming back every night. Definitely recommend to visit for a great time 😊', "O'Che's Cuban Irish Bar in Prague has re-opened under new Management. Fresh New Look to the Bar and New Kitchen. The New Management is dedicated to returning O'Che's to its place as one of Prague's best venues. Make O'Che's Great Again.", 'I think I could cook a better meal in 10 minutes with a camping stove and a spoon than the absolute atrocity we received here. I got the saucage and mash and everything tasted like you could buy it pre-packaged in a grocery store (or even worse...). Only reason I ate most of it was because it was a source of carbs & protein and I was hungry.\n\nThe sauce with the "spicy" burger (not spicy btw) tasted like straight vinegar or a bi-product from the petrochemic industry.\n\nCocktails barely had any alcohol in them. Long island ice-teas are just cokes with a lot of ice.\n\nIf you find yourself here: go for the pollo burger, it was the only OK dish our group got.\n(!!! EDIT: My friend who ordered this meal had to go to the toilet about 30 minutes after eating his burger to vomit, so it might also not be that good of an option.)\n\nIt\'s an Irish pub named to Ché Guevara with Belgian beer serving bad food and bad cocktails. This should have been our first big red flag I guess?\n\nIf the cook reads this (if there even is a cook in this place?), please quit or start caring about the food you serve.\n\nStaff was friendly though so if that\'s all you care about it\'s kinda nice.', 'Nice Place!', 'Best of irish pub in prague', '', '', 'Cozy pub serving Czech food and drinks. We stopped for a quick beer and had a warm welcome. The walls are coveted with masonic symbols and there are some pictures and swords on display.', 'This was without a doubt the best meal that my wife & I had in Prague while on our honeymoon several years ago.  Incredible architecture and design.  We came early and had an entire room to ourselves until the later dining crowd started coming in as they do in many major European cities.  Service was great.  Food was simple and very flavorful.  Would return for lunch or dinner in a second.', 'We were welcomed even at bad hours. Food was very good but some dishes they recommend for sharing are not enough for people who likes eating. The atmosphere is calm but maybe a little cold.', 'Nice cozy pub with tasty food and a great theme. Try the Baked Pan! (Chicken, Beef, or Pork)', "Really excellent bar that's away from the more touristy spots. Locals were friendly and welcoming, we had a great night", 'One of few real Prague bars at Lesser Town. Really not tourist trap. Prices can be a very positive suprise for tourists. If somebody is asking for more kinds of beer, it is necessary to add that beer, compering to wine, has not been and is not the most popular drink in these tradition bars.', 'Friendy atmosphere. Small terrace with just 3 tables. A nice woman served me. Loved this place. Doesn’t look like a trap for tourist (I was the only one not Czech)', 'Tiny little place you could easily miss.  Do check it out, not a tourist trap but a traditional Czech watering hole. Serves Budweiser and Radegast pivo and a great selection of local spirits as well as café /tea / hot chocolate.', 'A hidden gem of a wine bar. On a lovely quiet street, and a sun trap in the early evening. The perfectly acceptable local wines are very reasonably priced. We keep coming back.', 'You´re looking for the real Olomouc - you´ll find it there. Unbelievable good wines for unbelievable fair prices come with a hearty atmosphere ....', 'Very nice and quiet place. Landscape paintings by Josef Oháňka are on display here until October 30, 2022.', 'Very nice owner. Although he was full, he still apologized for not being able to offer us a table and willingly poured wine for us on our way. Cozy environment', 'A pleasant establishment in the passage Masná Krámy.\nGreat design, pleasant service.', 'Excellent brew, pleasant climate..', '👍', 'A very nice place, but sometimes very crowded.', 'Nice pub', 'Super', "Excellent beer, I don't know the food, first-class service", 'Classic pub.👍\nUnfortunately, when you get a craving for beer, you only have to make do with nuts, chips, or just such a classic.\nThumbs up for me.', 'A bar with an excellent atmosphere right in the center of Olomouc acts as an oasis where you can relax at any time. Sometimes, however, he runs up to cover anything he can. And write that they are taking your chicken.', "Nicely renovated place, great bartender (pleasant and smiling). Reasonable prices, good selection. I would only point out that there are no small fish in the aquarium. But I will definitely not deduct a star for it. He sings there, dances on the bar. Football luxury. It used to be free, so now you have to pay, but I'm not removing the star again. There was never bread for a drowning man, but it will happen. Another minus star. I'm happy. I will definitely visit this bar again!", "The environment was nice, but the music (and by that I don't mean the music) was even outside on the street. Cloudy, even foggy. This just wasn't for us. We didn't even last until the order.", 'For the first time and certainly not for the last time, the perfect Bar for late nights until the morning in Olomouc, where else can you have a beer, a drink and karaoke until 5 am on Wednesday...', 'Really nice atmosphere, music and mood. The barmen are really nice and accommodating. I recommend !', 'Fresh orange cocktail was super good', 'Top 🥳', 'Great drinks and perfect atmosphere.', 'Ok', 'Zakoureno', 'A classic pub, nothing particularly interesting. Quite clean, the service does not inspire. The opening hours do not correspond to what is on the website. Beer good.', 'Menicko excellent and even better white grapes on tap.', 'Super!', 'Super. 👍👍👍', 'Super', 'An unpleasant pub. I bet on the way from the "one-on-one" trip. Waiter unpleasant. The pub was almost empty and I still felt like a nuisance. After one beer, I preferred to continue elsewhere.', 'They sell Bernard beer, I dont know if the have anything else. But beer was pretty good as expected, Service was excellent, location amazing.', "Great place but unfortunately around 12 pm we couldn't order anything, although there was information that the place is open until 2 am", 'Great friendly bar, great vibe and service and a good selection of drinks', 'Very nice Bar, excellent beer with amazing views of old town square and trinity column. Very friendly server and funky interior', 'Super', 'Very nice, genuine pub, excellent service and excellent Holba beer. I can only recommend it to all indiscriminate beer drinkers', "Hard to rate. If you're not a local regular, it's pretty weird here and everyone's looking at you like what the f*ck are you doing there. It reminds me of the time when you smell like an ashtray after three beers. But on the other hand, a cool Šerák for a decent price. Here you drink for volume, not for taste 😉😃", 'A very sleazy business. 😋', 'Supercool bar. They have local micro brewery beers on draft. Selection changes very regularly. Nice selection of things to eat with your beer.', "This is true Czech style pub! Here you'll get not only great beer from local private breweries, but also typical Czech atmosphere. If you are lucky, you will listen to live Czech music :)", 'Great beer selection, unfortunately very limited outdoor seating of just one table', 'Brilliant small bar on the edge of the city. A must visit if you are Olomouc. Wonderful staff.', 'Cool place, great staff, amazing beer.. right at the main square :)', 'Very nice place to drink and spend some time with your friends.\nI had a great time there with my friends we went there for just one drink  and go but we end spending 1 hour and more there, the weather was very nice.', 'A little smelly place with average speed bartender, but with good local beer. Plus if you are a sportsfan there is a tv to watch some matches.', "Very nice place to have a couple really good specials. There's also an armwrestling table in this place :)", 'Awesome service, premium quality. I love this place. Trust me it is pretty good. Try it.', 'Is nice', 'exceptionally tasty cuba libre and spectacular hookah!', 'LUXURY🖤 THE BEST DRINKS AND SISHA WITH TOP PERSONAL🤘🏽🖤', 'Great place!! Really enjoyed', 'Great bar! Ska, punk, rockabilly and other alternative music played from a jukebox, great selection of rum, very good wine, and like everywhere great beer.', 'Punk IPA is fake...', 'Dobrej rumíček, pivíčko a super atmosféra!', "A very special bar. I can't say exactly why, but I have to recommend this bar. It's unlike any bar I've ever been to and definitely worth a visit!", 'Genius loci! Great atmosphere. Fantasy vibes. Nice talk with barman. Definitely worth visiting when you are in Olomouc.', "subtle music, muted lighting, cozy interior, great custom cocktails, and the bartender is really nice to talk to. found it by chance on a Tuesday night, but would visit again given a chance. can't recommend it enough", 'World class drinks in a very local atmosphere and medieval setting. The owner is extremely knowledgeable and helpful! The best gem in Olomouc bar none!', 'TOP', 'Jirkos approved', 'I would like to share the unpleasant experience of a melted, underbaked pizza and when we returned it, we received the same but burnt one. Ham junior as a disguise for prosccutto. Since you will pay 230 for a pizza, I would rather not even try it, see photo.', "Probably the worst pizza ever. We ordered for the first time and for import and never again. They just threw mozzarella on the pizza, the dough was as thick as a bun and we had to remove a ton of toppings from the pizza, otherwise it wouldn't even be edible. Unfortunately, a huge disappointment.", 'Nice place with pleasant staff. I saw some musical instruments like guitar and piano and I guess you can play them as well.', 'Nice and comfy place with good vibe. Their beer is really good and they have very delicious toasts!', "Super chill vibes, plenty of students in here usually, defo check it out if you're Erasmus! Cheap beer -36Kc or smth like that. Friendly staff, they do table service here and you pay at the bar when you leave.", 'Life-music friendly place with young people all around with reasonable prices. Even though the beer is not the best quality you will enjoy it there if you are not fan of classy spots.', 'Super.', 'Super', 'Nice seating with a pleasant atmosphere and excellent delicacies on the grill, I recommend the Czech classic grilled mackerel and ribs :-)', 'It is closed in winter, but in summer there is a great grill and excellent beer. A huge selection of perhaps 12 different beers, plus excellent grilled meat. I love coming back here and can highly recommend it. I was always very satisfied!!!', "While the idea is to replicate American 60s or 70s, it doesn't really feel that way. Bloody Mary was balanced, not a bit more alcohol in it would make it better", 'It would be better to see more "cocktail & fun" atmosphere here. Unfortunately they have very limited number of shot cocktails and have no any idea about world famous cocktails, like "green mexican", "hiroshima" and others. Damn...', 'No Czech beers available. Only imported beers like Carlsberg or Stella (a shame in CZ). Great choice of cocktails though.', 'Lovely pub with a large variety of cocktails.', 'The food is delicious, I really recommend the Rustic burger or the pork tenderloin. The "homemade lemonade" is not really homemade(my opinion) - tasted like just a wattered sirop. Also, the stuff is not the friendliest, but I recommend this place for a quick bite.', 'The place is cozy and have nice atmosphere indeed. Personal was kind and quick even though there were quite a lot Wolt orders. We had Guinness beer which was very tasty. For the meal you can see in the picture - “King steak”, which was a huge portion (both meat and fries). Overall great experience, would definitely recommend this place.\n\nSecond picture from take away… excellent 💪', 'Went there for 3 course dinner. I loved tomato soup, even more burger and sweet end in form of fluffy pancakes made it all perfect. Recommend 👍', 'So far best steak in town , great good and prices and awsome service !', 'Nice place to party, we have party cocktail for ten people. It was fun!', 'Yes they have lots of choice but 850cz for 2 drinks , I’m not in London so don’t expect to pay London prices , Jack Daniel’s Silver , 15 year Havana club and coke are you kidding me !', 'Jin a Tonic the best taste ❤️', 'Really good atmosphere, nice staff and the cocktails! Awesome! Highly recommendable!', 'Jut a nonstop. Bar in the city center. You can expect something "special" but sometimes the people around you will be special. Enjoy a normal beer at 7am. And don\'t expect nothing special', 'Terrible experience. Girls unhappy seeing a customer.', 'If you got nowhere to go, Kahla (:', 'Rude cleaning lady with awful beer, my girlfriend has been harrased by the locals. You should never go there!', 'Very nice place! Recommended for everyone.', 'Ándrgrauuund!', 'Worst pub in Brno', 'TopTop Barman', 'We had such a great time in this cozy watering hole in this lovely town. We spend the evening there and we had blast from the moment we stepped in, till the time we left. The whole bar is a hidden gem and the guys behind the counter took great care of us. The food was exquisite and the selection of fine, high end whisky is amazing. Will come here again. Cheers.', "We did a whiskey tasting with a group of 14-15 people.  We had a great experience and our tasting guide was very informative.  He walked us through the different whiskey we were tasting and provided great detail for every bottle. Highly recommend this place if you're a whiskey connoisseur.", 'absolutely stunning, the service is more than perfect. Weekdays are not crowded which is the best.', "As a whiskey lover, you'll find the variety quite delightful with service by polite and friendly hosts, a cozy indoor setting and shaded outside seating area..and the RAMEN was divine!! The chef's are amazing!! Truly, the breaded cauliflower was delicious, so much so, I'd quite happily go vegetarian for them..overall, one to check out. I will be doing this again..often👏👏😏", 'Great little small bar with their speciality being in rum. Lots of variety in rum aswell as many more cocktails. Staff spoke English and was freidndly.', 'Truly my favourite bar in Brno. Friendly atmosphere and great service, waiters are super friendly and nice as well.\nCocktails are delicious and choice of alcohol is fantastic. Prices are nice too.\nEven managed to become sort of friends with one waitress.\nVery recommended! Especially for those who like rum and rum based drinks.', 'Great cocktails and friendly staff. Really liked Dark and Stormy. Will visit next time when in Brno :)', "The best place in Brno if you like RUM or cocktails based on it! They have an amazing outside/inside area and you can have here a private party with catering and rum tasting!\nI'm going there time by time with friends and yesterday I had my bachelor's party here and even friends who do not drink rum that much was supper happy with the tastes and selection prepared by the barmen :)\nTHANK YOU!", "I like this place because of the location mostly. During spring/summer season outside terrace offers a lovely view whether you're having food or just stop by for a drink. Inside it's a little bit small. Beer selection is decent, but sometimes I get the feeling that the staff is a bit overworked and not at their best.", 'Draft carftbeers of local KOS brewery, draft lemonade/soft drink, cozy, classic pub food including sausages with sauce from their black beer', 'Pretty nice variation of craft beers with nice beer garden and view.', 'Bad service and overpriced. Won’t be coming back', 'Local brewery that offers its own beers and some meals. The place is huge inside and it might become quite noisy, due to a lot of people that fit there. A classic pub.\nThe inner yard is a superb place for chilling, specifically during summer evenings. There are nice light chains hanging above the tables and creating cozy atmosphere.\nSome beers from the offer were not available at the time when I visited the place. As a result, you might end up with a completely different style of the beer as you normally go for or as you intend at the moment.', 'Pivovar Joke maybe, don’t know if the owner is a cool guy or if this is the best beer in Czech Republic (I am sure is not after 10 years here), but the guys behind the bar with that attitude break all the fun of going out with some friends and just have a beer and enjoy your time. First of all no option for Non alcoholic beer, don’t know why, it literally doesn’t make sense. Then the guy telling you that he doesn’t have non alcoholic beer with an attitude that you should be ashamed of. We were 5 people that we had to leave because it was not making sense for our only friend that drives and doesn’t drink to stay in a place and not be able to get a non alcoholic beer.\n\nAlso food is random, some times there is, sometimes is not, unfortunate the guy with the moustache behind the bar is just a bartender, he can use his attitude towards something else. so better to give your money somewhere else, very bad that people ruining a brand only because they are unable to have proper service.', 'My first time here was super surprising as from the outside it’s very unassuming but when you go inside the place is absolutely huge.\n\nThey are making their own beers and the ones we tried were all amazing. You’ll also find some great fast food to go with the beers.\nGive the ginger beer a try it’s great, a nice spice to it.', 'Really cool place, with great, laid-back vibe. Good beer. Really worth visiting.\n\nBig shout out to staff on Saturday evening. Were smiling and helpful. They surely made whole visit better', "Great bar with a fantastic atmosphere and friendly staff. It is a cozy place where you can enjoy your coffee during the daytime, or hangout with friends in the evening when it's turning into a bar with some party music. I love their drinks from Tatra Tea and avocado sandwich. Moreover, you can play games on the Playstation at any time!", 'Great bar, very good service and atmosphere. Wanna superb drink? Take Irish Trash Can.', "Awesome especially without friends, however if you're like me pros for having loads of empty spaces", 'Loved the place. Great games to play, great atmosphere, great beer, and I fully recommend the sandwiches. Well-worth the visit :)', 'The staff is amazing !!! They did their best while servicing us. The food is also good. Thanks )', 'Fair prices, delicious burgers, friendly and kind waiters.\nEven when pub was full, waiting time for burger was not long and it tastes delicious. Lot of options for cocktails and shots, but my favourite was cider with apple Jack Daniel’s. Worth to visit and try.', 'Really good burgers! Meat is perfect, bun and sauce too. Just it would be nicer to have jalapenos instead of normal paprika in Mexican burger. Good beer and perfect atmosphere. There was live pianist when we were there!!! Amazing!', "Good for grabbing a beer in groups, having a food, even late dinner in American style - burger, onion rings and so on. But.. i can't help myself but notice that sometimes the burger buns are not fresh, but still I would recommend it as a place to have some food, at night especially. And I don't know what's the deal with the piano but they don't like people playing it 🤔 maybe write a sign on it ti Not touch it if you don't want people to touch it .) Keep up good work and improve.", "Such a nice craft beer pub. Staff helpful with their English, clientele friendly, good rock music in the background (but not too loud), and most of all great beer.\n\nPrices not unreasonable either. Definitely worth a visit. More seating downstairs, table football for 10 czk.\n\nWhat's not to love?", 'Super nice Pub! Good Beer, small stage downstairs with occasional live acts! Definitely a place to go for a relaxed evening! Very stylish interior also!', 'Good beer, comfortable atmosphere, very nice stuff. Oh and hot-dogs are more than worth 115 CZK. DE-LI-CI-OUS!', 'Urban underground style burger and beer bar (intense smell for those of you with sensitive noses). Really nice selection of home brews and tasty burgers. Burgers could be a little bigger or less expensive. It has a nice underground floor with mini soccer.', 'Nice food and interior how ever the beer was not great.\nService was really nice.\n4.5 stars', "No parking space you have tu park your car on parking space five minutes from thé hotel And pay fór it .My sice can't wok and that was thé trable.", "Beautiful interior, very friendly staff, really good food. 😋The only small sad thing was they ran out of soup already but it's understandable... 😉", "Good food, drinks & service as always. Also like restaurant's design & location.", 'Stylish pub with the best Czech beer - Plzeň and also draft Guinness. Good friendly vibe even during week day (Wednesday), people chatting, r’n’b music in background + 3 still smiling girls on bar. Open till early morning. Would recommend and go again. 👍🏽🍺 ⭐️', 'Super.', 'Guiness very expensive, €5.5/125CZK for a US pint, 463ml vs 568ml standard Irish/EU pint!', 'Not real drinks, and tried Mimoza, Hugo and classic Aperol Spritz... taste like water with some juice, disappointed.', 'Ok place and good food. Some in our party had what they said was meat similar to kobe but from Australia and that seemed good. I had the Black angus burger nothing special to little sause and to much bread  for my taste so it was to dry. Huge selection of wines that can be bought per glas. A bit higher prices than normal restaurants in the city.  Waiter was not services minded and kind of ignored us. I do recommend this resturant', "Usually a great place for drink, but today couldn't find a less interested couple of girls, mobile phone is my friend who cares about costumers, left really discasted, had to ask for a bill, terrible service. If you like to be disrespectful it is a great place for you. Enjoy", 'For plus:\nGood "typically" czech or irisch beer.\n\nFor minus:\nWaiters were unpleasent. They looked like nervous.', 'Food did not try but Beer was good. Wanted to try Irish Beer.. so cheers...', "Good beer, nice atmosphere\nStill can't understand why people go to Irish pub and get Czech beer 😂", 'This was the place to be for Canadian hockey fans during the 2020 IIHF World Juniors hockey tournament. Fun place to be, good music selection. Staff did a good job trying to keep the drinks flowing in an overcrowded bar', 'Good place to be on a friday evening, good beer, love the music', "I've visited the bar 3 days in a row, on a first day it was quite enjoyable. The other days not so much. The staff was extremely rude, and not English friendly, which made me feel not welcome. I wanted to order drinks, and she looked at me very rude, and i had two wait 30 minutes for a simple drink. And then after all she charged me two times. What kind of bad service is that. Therefore I am leaving 1 star. If i could give half a star i would do that. But it depends on the staff worming, the other day there waa a nic blond girl and she spoke English and she was very enjoyable. So good luck in here!\n\nAnd learn from my experience!", "The club is quite nice, almost like security. When a mentally limited and probably anabolically stimulated person plays security while working without a contract, it's very pathetic. Pavel Štipka is a person whose reason remains that he can even have an ID card. The person who is attacked is subsequently removed and has no possibility of further entry, as this mentally disturbed person has been given a job. Security has its own rules and regulations. But this is not security.", "I came here from a group in which there were two Roma girls, we didn't do anything, we just came, the Roma girls immediately took out my group, then a policeman came, he told me that the last time I brought gypsies here, I didn't say half a word and the other policeman immediately arrested me he brought me out, I was calm, and behind the bars he tells me that I'm not allowed to go there 🤣🤣 that it's the owner's order 😅😅😅 while after the mallow he told a friend who came there that the owner is sleeping 😃😃😃 really good 😃😃😃 if we at least did something But would I ban it for nothing? Supposedly the owner's order, right? When he sleeps? ?? Hmm weird 🤣🤣", "The club is located far from the center, but there is a lot of life there. You won't be bored there on Friday or Saturday. The prices are normal, the atmosphere is good, but very little space, which is probably the biggest disadvantage.", "The club has highly overpriced prices on the weekend compared to other clubs in Havířov. Very low-quality music, not only that the sound was burnt and it hurt the ears, but the dj couldn't keep the tempo and it died here and there, to make matters worse, it was completely white and you couldn't see even a step, because everyone was smoking tubes or cigarettes and the club has no ventilation. The club itself for nothing and I will punch the friend who recommended it to me. Next time I'd rather cut myself with a razor. I regret this experience and you don't even have a place to put your things. What the fuck is that? Regardless of the fact that someone defecated on the ground. I understand that the owner and the staff are not to blame, but I think it shows who goes there, since this is the first club where I see this.", 'Nice place and good to drink a czeck beer. However If you até looking for craftbeer i dont think that you should Go there.', 'Huge bar and very nice staff. I had the impression that 50% of people sitting there at 11pm were drunk, but maybe this is how it looks like in czech bars? ;)', 'Great, kind and friendly service, good beer and most importantly atmosphere, not mached by any other place in Ostrava.\nIts kind of a rock and roll club,  always swarming with some kine of nerdy, cool rock indie clientell.', "In one night I explore some cute and nice pubs in town..this was one of them.\n\nThy don't have a craft beer..but they said the are about to open a new pub next to it...so I'm gonna check out soon", 'Tam je super nonstop', 'Super', 'Super hospoda', 'Super', 'great place, great atmosphere ... and even better service', 'Great place! The owner is very friendly and an awesome guy - I went there alone and got introduced to a bunch of his friends. Good food and alcohol selection. As a foreigner I felt welcome, and they gave me a good experience in Ostrava. Highly recommend.', 'This is a friendly pub. The owner is fluent in English and almost always present when the place is open. Quality beer with comparable prices for the location.', 'Good service. Went on a Thursday evening.  Outside is nice. Inside is dark if you like that style. Needs some updating inside.  Bathrooms were mostly clean.', "My one of the very favourite cosy and chill pub. Nothing disco, more alternative with old radios styled interior included with music jukebox which should be updated with more music but it's ok. Definitely recommended if you want to have a philosophical chat with friends and drink beer (or booze). There is a good selection of beers.", 'Nice environment. Usually it is full, but on the other hand you allways find place for 2 or 3 people. They have not traditional beers. If you look for something different with cool people, then this is right place for you.\n\nPrijemne prostredi. Obvykle byva plno, ale na druhou stranu misto pro 2 az 3 lidi se najde. Maji i netradicni piva na cepu. Pokud hledate neco jineho se super lidmi, tak toto je misto pro vas.', 'Very cool bar! Highly recommend!! Very tasty chees!', 'Perfect alternative pub. Alternative beers, usualy young and smart people comming in. Dont expect posh service here, but nice and friendly service.', 'We came from cracow to visit this bar, because a friend of mine really recommended it. So localization is pretty good, 5 min from city center and next to Stodolni street which is “the most popular street in ostrava” with bars and etc. We came on Monday so there was only one couple apart from us. In this bar you can smoke shisha and get some drinks. Shisha was really good beer also. The girl who’s working there was extremely nice to us. Prices are acceptable. So i can recommend you this bar, but not on monday (unless you are looking for almost empty place:)', "If you are looking for a place to chill out with really delicious shisha & tasty drinks, I believe you're in the best place in Ostrava.", 'Cool Place!!! Fair pricing. Nice mix of people, good selection of shisha, lot’s of drinks and cocktails to choose. Friendly staff. Tomas is very attentive....!👍🏻😎', 'Cozy interior, great place to meet up with friends, wide selection of drinks, great background music, highly recommend this place.', 'Super', 'We had a voucher from Slevomat for chicken and strips. We also had beers, water and a mixed drink. Drinks ok but food was not edible. Fries very greasy, salads with rotten vegetables and strips burnt on the surface and raw inside. We claimed the meat on the spot. About 30 minutes later, the attendant brought us new strips, the same black as the previous ones. The staff responded to our surprised reaction by saying that the strips cannot be baked better because they are a semi-finished product. It is said that the cook fried them slowly, so they are definitely not raw anymore. We were hungry, so we carefully peeled the meat from the disaster and finally ate it.\nI definitely do not recommend to anyone.', "Catastrophe!!!! Today I ordered from this restaurant for the first time and I know that I will never do it again... The burger was in a terrible condition, after the first bite I found out that the meat was not done... So I put it away and thank the restaurant very much for the well-made meat and that I'm hungry today...... and I probably don't need to comment on the fact that fries cost 59 CZK and there are 11 of them. The photos probably say it all.", 'On Friday I was at the Kenken restaurant and I had a burger and it was excellent, everything was perfectly seasoned and cooked, it was brought to us by a pleasant and smiling waitress. I felt very nice and comfortable here. 100% satisfaction for me and I will definitely come again❤️', 'Really nice little bar run by hoppy dog brewery of Vítkovice. Their own beers on tap plus guests and some interesting beers in the fridge. Staff were accommodating of our bad Czech! Liked it a lot.', 'Do you want a beer? Just stop by... Home-made brewary with good offer is not gonna dissapoint you. Prices are slightly higher but thats the costs for quality. Na zdraví!', 'A cool place. They have live music quite often and I really enjoy the atmosphere. It is quite small so sitting is an issue. The staff was very nice.', "A nice beer place in the center of Ostrava owned by HoppyDog, a local microbrewery specializing in top-fermented beers. They also offer one lager in the pub but it's certainly focused on ale-lovers. The interior is really basic but beers are delicious and staff friendly.", 'Super', 'Unpleasant service, sitting by the main road, half an hour before closing time they no longer have beer on tap.', "For me, it's a great place, the service is also good, a very nice attitude, that's how it should be", 'Care of beer, storage of barrels, cleanliness of pipes, regular weekly chemical professional cleaning, rinsing with water after each barrel, a big tap and an evening ceremony with a brush for total cleaning, finished by polishing the tap and covering it with a "personal" towel... I don\'t know the restaurant or the pub , where they tap beer with more responsibility and love. To eat, a carefully selected sausage, the heating of which is monitored by the staff...!, or ermine luxuriously laid out or a properly drowned drowned, all this with a large garnish and fresh, again carefully selected bread. In addition, the price is more than reasonable... Sports broadcasts on TV.. And the beer is drawn with love.. In my opinion, this is the ceiling and an example of what one should expect from a pub.', 'One of our very favorite places!! We kept going back. We love the beers!! The atmosphere is great. Live music is fantastic. So many kinds of music. Cider bar also caught our attention and we tried so many!', 'Looks like a nice place, but neither bartender spoke English.  Finally got a Schwartz in one of the descriptions so had a dark lager.', 'Nice pub, good atmosphere and music!', "Nice ambiance,  music with a band, quick and affordable with a good decoration. However it's small so if you intend to go with friends , come early  ;)", 'What an amazing place!!!! Highly recommended. Tap beer and cyder, you can also have a table with a self serving (yes, you have a beer tap for yourself!!!!). Staff is beyond friendly, all of them specially jakub, Viki, Hanka and Tereza (hope spelling is OK). Two times in here, and definitely coming back...', 'I had the privilege of drinking a couple mugs of Pilsner here. The bartender was friendly, spoke good English, and did not mind answering our dumb tourist questions. We needed beer, and wanted to check out the local scene, and this place hit the spot. I would come back.', 'Very nice for celebrating e.g. bachelor parties and drinking a lot of self drafted beer (with motivation display device).  Surprisingly good burgers.', 'Nice pub atmosphere and great bartenders made my visit very pleasant.\nI had angus steak and it was excellent.\nThey also offer the best choices of beers.', 'Excellent customer service. They provide you personalized drinks and have a lot of good spirits. If you enjoy a good cognac or good rum 🥃 you will find happiness. They can do almost everything you want. They speak English (good to know for foreigners) and are really kindred bartender. Professional. Everything I like', "Went tonight for a quick drink with a new friend. I'm a whiskey girl, and usually can't find the type I like in bars here in Plzeň.  The bartender Jarda I believe, totally knew his stuff.  I told him the type of whiskey I like and he recommended a new one I'd never heard of.  Perfect match.  Super friendly bartender, and speaks good English.  Really liked the large outdoor area they have too.  Good vibes here.", 'Great selection of drinks. Unfortunately the prices are extremely expensive.\n90% of the clients are men', 'Great coctails and service!', 'Super', 'New bar, nice place with comfortable seating at the bar or tables, cosy, nice selection of drinks and I like that we can play pool for free. The girl behind the bar was nice. He was playing a playlist of 70s remixes when we were there.', "It's great there, perfect service, great drinks, just everything great, everyone should visit this bar. AND THERE IS A FREE POOL!!!!!!!!!!", "Very cool bar with friendly staff. Specially for us guests from Germany Bundesliga. So that we don't miss anything, a second game was also played on the iPad.", 'Great atmosphere and staff who are knowledgeable and will advise you when choosing a whiskey that is really great. Guinness was excellent. Thanks for a nice evening 🙂', 'We were with friends before the end of the year to sit in this Irish pub and I can only recommend it. As soon as we arrived, we sat down at the bar and tuned in to the wave of Irish mood :) The service was excellent. We tried all kinds of beer they have here. Two Irish beers and then beer from the brewery Primátor and Svijan. Pickled ermine excellent. The knee looked great too. So great', "This bar was an unexpected, very pleasant surprise on our trip to Liberec.\nA stylishly furnished Irish Pub, where you can get great draft Guinness and a rich selection of excellent whiskeys and rums displayed on the wall directly behind the bar. Yes, even a wall like this completes the right atmosphere.\n\nMy girlfriend and I sat right behind the bar and it was a good choice. The local bartender gives the whole place the much needed other half of that great atmosphere and bar life. He had fun with us and the other guests all evening and recommended great whiskey.\nI also praise the excellent Shepherd's pie.\n\nI definitely recommend this Pub to everyone who likes the Irish atmosphere and likes to have fun at the bar with great whiskey.", "A really cool and modern western style business. I appreciate that it is possible to find something like this in the city of Liberec. However, I don't mean anything bad by that, on the contrary. In most Czech cities there is no such company. The great atmosphere, the excellently decorated space is complemented by the omnipresent cleanliness, the selection of great drinks - I personally have to especially appreciate the Magners on tap, which you really don't come across just like that.\nThe service is at the highest level. Sympathetic, correct and attentive. There is also a garden here. I have nothing to complain about.", 'You won\'t say "wow", but you ain\'t leaving hungry either.', 'Food was delicious,  a lot beer choices. But  beer was little bit undersized.', "When asked for a place, I was ignored and left standing as a single guest, something I've never experienced before", 'One of the best burgers, plus good service.', 'good music, good beer, attentive and nice staff ...', 'Syper', 'Ok', 'Always a wonderful atmosphere, friendly, professional service that never keeps you waiting. Excellent food (I recommend the Chutney burger) and above all a wide range of all kinds of cocktails and drinks, just about anything you can think of. In addition, the staff can perfectly advise on the choice of cocktail, depending on what you are in the mood for. I like it!\nIn short, this place shows that the owner really cares about all the details! The best place far and wide and I hereby thank the entire team of Ponorka bar. ♥️🍹🎸', 'great service...and pretty too :)', 'Super', 'Regular bar for late night or early morning drinking.', 'Hmmmm', 'Amazing drinks, great food. A bit pricier place. You can park right in front of it (paid before 6pm). Reservations needed during weekend. Great service.', 'Quite tasty drinks. Perfect for some team building activities.', 'I was at the Jungle Gin yesterday, I was served by I very nice girl her name was Valeria, she served us with a nice smile and professional way, I had a visitors from Prague, they really liked the bar and the service, and they said they will come next weekend. ❤️', 'Very cool\n\nUpdate for 2020.\n\nFor me the best bar in the town. Great beer, great gin (if you like that kind of thing), food looks fantastic and unusual Asian infused dishes.\nGreat staff, fast service and cool vibes.\n\nPerfect for alone or with others.', 'Zajdem na pivo do Vokna a všichni vědí, kde se sejdeme.\nRegionální pivní speciály, výdejní okénko a dav postávající před Voknem, to je co můžete čekat.', 'Vokno - translating as "Window". Good beer pub, currently working with new small brewery from Jablonec nad Nisou - Volt. Decent beer selection and good quality. In hot weather possible to sit outside in the shade of nearby plane trees.', 'Great pub with selection of local beers and friendly staff', 'My favorite spot in Liberec centre. Stop this “Pilsner Only” bullsh*t and try out beers from local brewery Volt ❤️', 'I was here for the first time and it was for a private event.. I have nothing to complain about, on the contrary, great and pleasant service, excellent food, nice environment.. I recommend it to everyone 👍👍👍', "We were there today, September 23, 2023. I have to say that I have never seen better service. Perfect, communicative, accommodating, just perfect. The food was great, we had a steak and a burger and it was impossible to eat it. Really excellent, just like the fries, they've become stale somewhere, but the meat was excellent and well made. Prices are normal.", "Great cuisine, very nice and fast service. Even though we didn't have a reservation and it was St. Martin's evening, they still took good care of us. Kaldoun soup - that's Top soup 👍. Thank you very much and many satisfied customers.", 'Absolutely the best steaks not only in Liberec, amazing environment, perfect service, even the owner himself serves when needed. Amazing, just a perfect gastronomic experience. I recommend it 110%.', 'Nice bar/pub with table football and darts. Good drink selection', 'A good place to vibe 🙂', 'Decent bar, loads of drinks, Pilsen and some home beer. There is a terrace at the back where you can smoke.', 'Super service and a pleasant environment with an amazing range of drinks 😊😉', 'Nice undergroud place.', 'Underground 🍻', 'Stamina forever.', 'I ♡ this place.', "I highly recomend. The food is very tasty, everything arrived hot, it's not overpriced, the staff is very kind and pleasant. The waitress even came back to our table with onion rings they forgot to put on top of our burgers.\nThe only downside is the fact that they're understaffed so the service is a bit slower but overall it was a great experience!", 'Good service and food. We had burgers and they were pretty delicious.', 'Good place, nice people goed meals for a good price.', "We celebrated my daughter's birthday today in style, I mean indoors. Her father highly recommended that we order food from Burger Grill Pub as he is familiar with thier delicious international kitchen,  and he was absolutely right with his recommendation! I was pleasantly surprised with their delicious, marinated chicken wings with steak chips and spicey burger! The food was plentiful and amazingly delicious, it was just something you don't usually find in Czech restaurants! We enjoyed the food so much and will definitely make Burger Grill Pub our restaurant because their food is just amazingly delicious.\n\nSo happy we stayed at home and ordered the food from them, and oh, they do take-aways too, so it makes things even easier for those who prefer to have their food delivered directly from the restaurant to the comfort of their homes.", 'A local affair with a long tradition. Beer will do if you have a standard Konrad. They also have events for specialties such as Polička, but that is always rather disappointing for me, or a big lottery. There is some food to go with the beer. During the day, they probably have something from the restaurant next door. The service depends on the specific person, it can be good or not.', 'A traditional local pub with a large terrace, frequented especially in the summer months. Outdoor terrace without attendant, delivery from the window. Beers: Polička, Konrad - light, dark, bottled Pilsen. Snacks: pickled Hermelin, sausage, etc. Seating inside less comfortable.', 'The best evening of my life. Mainly thanks to Jirko behind the bar, who knows how to make the evening a completely unforgettable experience. Epic beer!', 'A classic pub, with a special beer from a small brewery on tap every week. A big plus for a garden with a large number of places.', "The place where legends come to life and Mr. Boring goes to sleep. Phenomenal service that will always help you. A wide selection of drinks, world brands and, above all, unrivaled music. If you want to keep driving at five in the morning, I don't know of a better business than this one.", "3* for nostalgia...\nIt's not and probably won't be what it used to be.", 'Nice staff, normal prices, great selection of alcohol, it could be cleaner', 'For the atmosphere, unless there is a pako that gets everyone going', 'Excellent cocktails and service, and the décor is simply lovely.', 'great drinks!', 'A great bar in Hradec Králové, the drinks were excellent and we learned interesting information about everyone, the service is very professional. This is really a bar on the level and if you want to experience what you are drinking, you have to go here.', 'The best bar in Hradec Králové. Nothing better or even of similar quality can be found here. Absolutely delicious drinks. It is a great experience in terms of taste, aroma and serving. It is complemented by a calm and pleasant atmosphere. I can only recommend!', "Nice pub right in the centre of beautiful Hradec Králové, it's spacious, which is nice if you're usually out with herd of friends. Also couple of my friends are musicians, and here we are allowed to dunk-play guitars :D", 'At this place there were plenty of pubs out of which bancrupted quite soon after opening. But U stolu is quite cosy pub which takes only fraction of area of previous pubs (you will understand when you go to toilet). It is simple place, but good for a beer and a snack.', 'Staff was friendly and service was good. One of the waiters speaks very good English and is super nice. I would say a good pub spot for sure.', 'Cash only', "The environment is very special, the garden is a great place. Visitors from another world. In popular terms, it's a place where they have cheap good beer and a nice garden.", 'Perfect location where I like to go for a beer after work', 'Good new beer on tap 🍻Radegast 12 and still G10 and K11.\nAnd above all, from June 2022, a new Polstrin interior.', 'Cheap and the interior looks like it, but a nice garden outside', 'If you want a good classical pub, this is your place. Expect little higher prices, but nice chilled atmosphere.', 'Great beer choice and picked cheese (tvarůžky)', 'A cozy pub and if you feel like Jedno 😃😃 Wider selection of several beers. You have to taste each one, so you actually always have one 🍺🍺 Fast and friendly service. 🍺 tasty and you can bite into some delicacy in the form of ermine or drowning. A classic in the form of super Raspberry', 'Thank you for the pub where you can have an excellent beer. As a beer drinker, I can warmly recommend 👍', "They don't accept credit cards, there is no food options and terrible service. Very not recommended. There are better places around.", 'Cash only.', 'Ok', 'OK', 'Top', 'Best beer in town ! Cracking pub !', 'Lively bar. Beer and spirits.', 'Superpivo x x', 'A great place for parties or just for a drink with friends. Willing, kind and helpful service. Definitely give it a try. I recommend 👍', "It's a great place to go with friends for a beer.", 'Nice environment and very pleasant service!', 'Currently one of the best places in Hradec to go for a beer, I recommend it!', 'Super', 'Best place...!!!', "When I went out in Ústí, I didn't know that the last train back to Prague leaves this city so early. So I stayed out for the night. I looked around the hotel and asked for a taxi driver. And he took me to Moskevská Street to the hotel, where they had fully booked for a group that listens to swing...\n\nI'm moving on, another door. Probably average children, I think, when in this look! Rap sounds from that funny window! You probably enter there through the house. There are no other doors here. The hallway of that house doesn't stink, but it's dark.\n\nIn the garden of Pivnice Hamburg, I introduced myself as the new one and enjoyed the great soundtrack. I painted a picture of how I discovered this bar. I later dedicated that painting to Fefe at Radio 23 in Prague's Cross club, who took it to Pivnice Hamburg in Ústí.. See Ya!", 'An almost legendary pub with long opening hours, no one expects any luxury here, but it certainly has its regulars...', 'Ok', 'Super :)', 'Super', 'Super', 'Super', 'Super', "It is a pub from which one does not expect anything luxurious. However, it's quiet here, relatively settled people gather here, so there are no rear-ends, and they have good beer.", 'A normal local pub without food, something to drink, nuts, salty bars, etc. Good for a chat', 'Reasonable beer choices - very much liked the Budvar variants service was fine. Otherwise not a particularly exciting venue. Had football on when i was there which is by no means a bad thing but did make for a 100% male clientele!', 'Good place for enjoy to the good beer 🍻', 'good choice of beer of many not well known breweries', 'Great place with good beers.', '', 'The staff is really helpful and polite. We have a great time everytime we visit this bar and grill restaurant. The atmosphere and all the vibes are really good. Perfect place to watch football match and drink some beer. The burgers are on fire. Many different choices. The fries are local and fresh!! The only thing i do not recommend is the wrap, it was a little bit of dry. It would be better if i have a choice to add any sauce inside.', 'So, I ordered a pork chop and it took me ages to chew! It was over cooked and I sent back more than the half. There was no apology, nothing. And when I asked the waitress if she informed the kitchen, they told me the kitchen said “it was okay, maybe she only didn’t like it” — such an unprofessional attitude. Good for drinks but I wouldn’t suggest pork chop!', 'Excellent service, tasty food, nice atmosphere', 'The atmosphere is quite nice and the staff are very helpful and kind however the food needs some quality improvement. I personally had the chicken fajita for €14.30 and the portion size was ridiculously small. It was closer to a starter rather than a main course and im not even a big eater! Additionally all the meals we ordered had an insane amount of salt and pepper! The burgers were too dry and overcooked and the buns weren’t anything special. I would suggest some improvement on the menu', '', 'This cozy bar has left the best impressions! Hospitable hosts, great dishes and quality live music throughout the night. I recommend to everyone going with a group of friends, as a couple or even single. The atmosphere is chill and cool - I highly recommend.', 'This bar is one of the best bars I have ever been to. Service was excellent, waiter was so sweet and attentive. The cocktails delicious and the 2 people band was amazing! The guys were so talented..just perfect!! I couldn’t recommend it more! I will definitely visit again.', 'Loved the experience. A great host and lovely music to keep your senses engaged between the awesome drink and local drink', 'We were very impressed with the cocktails, their chicken fajitas were also very delicious. We also found the staff extremely attentive and very polite. The live music was fantastic!We had a great time and we will be back again!', "Too loud can't ficking sleep", 'classic metalhead bar', 'Great experience.', 'Awesome', 'Trying the brunch menu!! Variety of dishes such as croque madame, salmon tortilla, sweet and savoury pancakes', 'Great sports bar to chill with the boys and have a porkchop or burger and beers. The chicken wings as a starter is highly recommended 😉 crispy and flavorful', 'Overall a descent sports bar, i wasnt impressed nor disappointed. The place lacks of coziness, i would say it reminded me of a cheap version of other quality sports bar in nicosia. To the cons the food, was tasteless and quite expensive for its quality. To the pros the very good service and the people working there in general, very helpful and friendly!', 'One of my favorite restaurants. The stuff very friendly always happy to serve you. The food is delicious and fresh as always. You should try it. Also the best place for football matches !!!', 'Great cozy place to have fun at night. Best quality drinks with great staff. the atmosphere was astonishingly calm!', 'Great service & music. The waiter is really Nice.', "Best bar in Famagusta which makes amazing coffee as well! Has lots of alcohol, coffee & tea selection. De Molay Bar comes with a history, so just sitting there makes you feel special. Also, don't miss the live music nights, there is always a cosy environment both in summer and winter. Animal friendly!", 'Amazing place, historical and greates cocktails in town', 'thought it will be better', 'They changed it to passage cafe', 'Cosy pub', 'loved it yo', 'Really love this place and happy to still see it here,  the bar staff are very attentive and friendly.  Highly recommend this to anyone for a welcoming atmosphere. 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟', 'Good cocktails 🍸 👌 Acceptable environment', 'Good drinks\nNice place to hang out and try good cocktails\nNot crazy expensive\nBut not a place to dance\nRecommended  for a drink and a chat\nCool place for a date since the name of the drinks can start a fun conversations', "Great place to have a coctail. There are a lot to choose from, intresting drinks name and good prices.\nI liked that music wasn't too loud and we coukd talk with each other.", 'Drinks, Atmosphere, View, Staff and specially the live music oh my God i love it', 'Great vibe and friendly staff', 'Seats was not comfortable', "It's beautiful from the outside, but when you get inside, things change. First of all, there is no interest in customers, no smiling faces, there is rudeness. Don't do that, that's enough. Those people come to have fun and have a good time. You don't have the right to treat anyone badly. Customers If you are not satisfied, whatever you do is of no use. It's a very bad place. Don't even go.", 'very cool bar, one of my favorite places, nice prices, delicious food, great selection of beer, great selection of snack plates.\ngreat service🤗', 'Amazing place with hospitable owners and great drinks. Location is also great right by the main street. The best selection of local and imported beers. The service was fast and the prices were fair. Would recommend it and come again.', 'A beautifully decorated lounge bar/restaurant in the well known Ledra street in the heart of Nicosia.\nChreers has a very large bar with extensive list of beers, wines,and other drinks. They also serve food of the highest quality with an excellent service.\nCheers also have many tables, and chairs outside all arranged for the full enjoyment of Customers. The place is very popular with locals, and Tourists alike.\nI highly recommend Cheers for its unique atmosphere.', "We like this place. Good price for draft beer, there is draft Guinness, KEO and more. There are also had Belgian beer as Kriek on the menu. It seems like a quiet place to me. I don't smoke, but also they have a hookah.", 'It was really nice for a Saturday lunch, only thing that there was a big group of people and more than half of them were children and they weren’t behaving— running around, making noise so we actually couldn’t feel the exact “bar” experience this time. 🙂 Apart from this unlucky detail, the food was better than the previous times! Beer choices are good, the tap beers were cold as they should be! The service personnel is friendly, smiling and polite! For sure we will visit again for a burger-beer date 😎', 'A really nice place to get great beer and Burgers. They have a huge selection of beers both national and international, bottled and on tap. They have several burgers and other meals, but we only had burgers and they have a big selection from one to three patty burgers', 'Big variety of beer, tasty fries, huge burgers. But burger with beef and prawns - extremely strange, at least peel prawns before serving, please.', 'If you have already arrived in Nicosia or if you even moved there, this is the meat restaurant you must visit and eat at, a very tasty restaurant with a very wide variety of beers from all over the world, you can also watch football matches there, highly recommend', "Good place. Foods are tasty. Staff's behaviour also great. Just food pricing a little bit higher in my perspective.", 'It was cool. Recommended. Nice food clean & good hospitality', 'Its not confortable for disable peoples', 'Good music, nice personal', 'So here is the magic!\nWe have been there for 20 minutes to have someone walk to our table to take an order.\n(After a few attempts waving out hands and shouting for someone to come to our table)\n\nTook like 10-15 mins for the first beer to arrive and 10 more for the rest\nEven though we were like 5 people instead of bringing all of the drinks on one or two attempts\n\nAfter all us arrived 13 more minutes for the water and one more beer (counted on the clock) to arrive.\n\nThere was literally no music on half of the place and the other half had 1 or 2 speakers to cover the area so you can imagine how loud people talking was isted.\n\nThis is the last time i visit this "pub"\nNot really anything against the stuff but more likely bad management.', 'Nice place , great music, unfortunately a lot of the people there smoke inside. I had pay for my drink and leave after just 10 minutes.', "Even though the place has a huge  covered and heated smoking area outdoors, everyone, including the bartender, is smoking INSIDE.\nAlso, I find it really disturbing that they have a huge picture of Mussolini on their wall. Will not come back, and definitely don't recommend if you don't like to be smoked like in 2007.", 'Many choices of beer, good atmosphere and service..  BUT\n\nWe\'ve been asked if we are paying revolut or "normal" card.\nWe said revolut, and they told us that we have to transfer money to an account,  and thats their policy.\n.........', "casual sports pub with good food and  places inside for those who don't go there for football. You still have 20 TVs inside but it's ok. Food is good and prices passable. pork chop is huge and well cooked. Angus Burgers are on the expensive side but my husband liked his. I found the beef meat a bit smelly. Happy hour (5 to 7.30) for beers makes a difference.", 'The food is really good👍\nVery tasty, good portions and high quality.\nThe Cowboy burger was very nice and tasty, although the chicken burger was not that great and a little dry.\nThe curly fries are amazing !!', 'An excellent experience especially when you are a football fan. The perfect spot to hang out with the boys and enjoy your time together. Service was extremely fast and friendly and the atmosphere was amazing. A large catalogue of beers to choose. from and the food was decently priced and tasty. Overall a great experience.. Would recommend for sure', 'Been to this place a few times and it is always a good experience.\nI like their wide variety of many different types of beer, their carefully selected menu dishes, great service and amazing Shisha. Parking space also provided next to the bar for convenience.', 'Great atmosphere in a nice hidden garden in Nicosia, since 1993. Staff were fantastic and the service was very fast.  Food was authentic and tasted great.\nA big variety of beers and drinks !!!', 'Nice atmosphere and decent food. If you are looking for something casual and relaxed this is the place!', 'Nice atmosphere but I did not like the food at all and the staff got wrong order and, in addition, was very rude. - thanks for your reply.  Let me just clarify that your young waiter pretended to memorise all the order without writing it down and then he got it wrong and pretended to be right! By the way, I never ordered a chicken tandoori or a kozel. Maybe it was other client.', "Babylon is a traditional bar/pub housed in an old 60s style house with a great garden. The indoor decor is wall to wall music legends! There is a pool table, a fireplace and an impressive and stylish wooden bar. The garden area is lush and verdant filled with wooden picnic tables. Trees and shrubbery adorn the perimetre of the garden, giving a city oasis feel. The food is a blend of pub food and Cypriot cuisine, with American and Mexican tones. They have an extensive beer and whiskey selection and great music. They also have large tv's featuring major sporting events. Overall Babylon, is a city haven with great food, a relaxing ambiance and good food.", 'I was a regular 4 years ago and everything was very nice, People, Drinks and even their Kitchen with a very nice food!\nNow , today on the 17th of November 2023 thinks are a bit different!!! it is still a nice place to be but only for drinks, they are expensive but anyway that is life, everything went up.\n\nBut their Kitchen needs a lot of improvement starting with the head!\nI will give a good rating for their service! 9/10\nTheir kitchen get a minus rating thought!!\n(This is my opinion)', 'We went there tonight to try the burgers!\nAfter we tried them we realized why all of our friends were talking about this pub!\n\nExcellent food, amazing service and the atmosphere is what we are calling pub!\nPrice it’s very good compare to the quality!\n\nWe will visit again soon!!', 'Great restaurant to enjoy amazing food with a a vast variety of beers and many other spirits.\n\nPerfect rock music and very helpful staff\n\nI would suggest pork chop, any burger from their menu or the steak sandwich\n\nYou can also watch football matches there, highly recommend\n\nThe restaurant also offers free parking space for its visitors.', 'B. R. Hub is located near Strovolos area. I would highly recommend it for people who wants to eat and watch their football games ⚽️ One of the best burgers I have ever eaten in this kind of concept restaurant. Waitress were amazing and really helpful to choose the best possible option for us!! Keep in mind to book a table, otherwise, you will wait to be seated! Definitely 10/10, highly recommended!!', "Late review\nbut I have to say it's an amazing shop with great taste in music! As I said, we will definitely go again\nI highly recommend it", '', 'A great place with jazz/soul/rock music and a vast selection of beers. The service was very good and the food was tasty. I would also add a plate of nachos. :) Overall it was a very nice experience and we are definitely coming back for more 😊', 'Warm and cozy atmosphere and it’s also very relaxing since there’s rarely many people so you can easily enjoy your time with your friends or company. If you like low-key bars where you won’t find crowds and noises definitely give Platos a try!', 'Great place, yard, decoration, atmosphere, food, service. One of the most impressive drinks collection and definitely one of the very few places in Nicosia to listen to such a good and inspiring music!', 'One of the oldest bars in Nicosia. Has a huge variety of beers to choose from. The prices are a bit high.. But the environment is very warm and cozy!', 'Small bar with live music. Really cosy and the entertainment escales fast! Service was good. Vibe was fab people dancing. Singers where good too!', "This is a very small self labelled live music bar. Absolutely basic decoration as this used to house a frozen yoghurt place. What's the attraction? Some young singers try to recreate a bouzouki place in an extremely small place perhaps no bigger than 100sqm crammed with tables and early 20s clients. It opens late after 11:30 and stays open very late with people coming and going all the time. Is it good? Yes for a couple of drinks after an initial partying somewhere else. Extremely smoky air. One of the singers is good. The other is ok if you continue with some more drinks.", 'Other than a bit of a struggle to find parking everything was great :)', 'Great live Greek music', '', 'Nice and warm place!  The staff is very polite and willing to serve you.  We tried the chicken skewer which was very soft and very tasty.  We also tried one of the burgers and it was one of the tastiest burgers we have ever eaten.  It also has a large variety of beers.', 'Nice atmosphere and the customer service is great. Also very satisfied when it comes to food portions👌', "It's a nice bar and grill. Friendly staff. Got a lot of beers on tap, not just the regular KEO or Carlsberg, which is great.\nScrumptious platters. We ordered the Blooms platter for three people and it was very satisfying and fulfilling.\nAnother big plus is the large parking right next to it, which in Nicosia is a rare thing. Will recommend to others and definitely will visit again and again.", 'Excellent burgers and pork chop and salads. Extremely good value for the quality and quantity of food. Love the cocktails as well. The space itself is fine but the tables outside could be more comfortable (i.e a footrest given the high chairs). The service is quick and most people working there are courteous and attentive. I highly recommend this bar/restaurant 👍🏼', "Nice sports bar. Great platters. Superb atmosphere. Went there with a bunch of people for a birthday party, so didn't pay anything.\nI tried their pinacolada. It was delicious but perhaps can use a bit more alcohol.\nSomeone had a margarita but they kinda messed up by not putting salt on the glass rim. Although they made amends by making a right one on the house.\nPlatters are superbly hearty and om nom nom quality.\nI just had a quick look at the drinks menu and the prices were all right too.\nOnly thing, is that, some sports like tennis or UFC, don't have sounds on.\nPerhaps they can make that into a big night because Cyprus has a very large UFC and tennis fan base.\n\n4 and half stars.", 'Great American bar and grill with fun atmosphere! Burgers for the carnovores, salads for the vegetarians... Good variety.', 'Food is ok, took a bit longer to be served. Staff is friendly. Music is too loud to chat without yelling.', 'Excellent food, polite staff, pleasant environment. Only issue : the music was too loud', '', 'Perfect bar with an amazing staff. Girl with the red hair - Stefanie, is absolutely the best. Also, make sure to try the cocktail with their traditional cyprus schnappas. It gives you the perfect kick for the rest of the night. 😉', 'If you’re looking for a place where to relax and be "halara" , this café would be the best. They have the best coffee available in the area  and even some fresh baked goods as well. The ambiance of this shop was so warming, and the staff is highly capable , helpful and fast . I could not ask for more because everything that I needed was provided. Well done, guys!\nP.S : They have the best homemade soft drinks, last time  i had the homemade strawberry lemonade that was delish !!! I truly recommend it!!:))', 'Cozy spot next to the historic Faneromeni church. Perfect for sitting down and having drinks with good company. Provides food and drinking options for the whole day.', 'Casual mood and rock\nVery dirty toilet\nWe take meze and beers', 'The food portions in this place are massive and the cocktails are very reasonably priced.\n\nThe biggest letdown was that they allowed smokers to puff away indoors. It really let the place down and stopped us from using the bar more. Shame. 🚬', 'Lovely place food n drinks great staff brilliant especially Dana who gives great service but as a chat with everyone and a laugh', "Happy hour cocktails for 3.00 euros 50 cents. Nice bar friendly staff. Football shown on tv's, music, great atmosphere", 'Verry friendly staff, wonderful cocktails ,low price, all is perfekt!!!', "What a fantastic pub. Owner /staff really look after you, especially the owner who would always find you a table.  Turns really good very varied.  Karaoke 🎤 really good fun, hubby loved getting up and having fun 😀.  Meals very tasty, ate here a few times. Can't wait to return in September and have some more gun night. Would highly recommend this place 👌.", 'Called in on a boiling hot day for a bit of shade and a cold drink...and ended up staying for food too! Great table service, we had our order for drinks taken as soon as we sat down. Good variety of drinks on offer at good prices. We decided to take the opportunity for some food while there, as the weather so hot that day, about 39°c, and it was lovely and cool inside. Wait for the food was not long at all, and I thoroughly enjoyed my burger and chips... it was the nicest one of the holiday, in a toasted brioche bun and the bonus of fried onions. Winner!! I can definitely recommend Rives :)', 'Great bar live entertainment and good old karaoke...pool table good fun bar for a few cocktails and a drink', 'We made plans to come to Rives while on a kid-free date night for a couple of drinks. We were pleased to see that the ABBA performers were scheduled the same night. Very fun atmosphere. Good music. Good time!', "Spend quite a few nights at Teejays over the 2 weeks holiday. Really friendly staff, great music and nice atmosphere. In our opinion it was definitely the best bar on the strip!\nHopefully see you all again next year! Please keep our table 27 free for us!\nFollowing on from last year's review, we have just returned from our holiday this year and would like to add that yet again Teejays was just brill. Definitely the best staff! So warm and friendly.  I would also like to say a special thank you to Jo the owner who helped make my husbands special birthday a really great night for all the family. Keep doing what you do! Thanks again and hope to see you all next year🤞", "Best bar in protaras great atmosphere great service staff go out of way to make you welcome Tony and Joanne great hosts couldn't wish for a better place to be  for a pint of perroni and a wine and a chat great bar roll on next year we be back jelly totts in hand Kim and John", 'We called in for lunch\n\nHome made steak pie and bolognese\nWas ok\nPortion sizes too large and being told off waitress "your eyes to big for your belly" as some food was left is not good service - understandably a joke however when she took order perhaps advise customers\n\nHad called in previous for drinks\n\nPrices are reasonable for the area in Protarus', "My friends  an I have been to teejays every night of our holiday  it is a fantastic place so friendly  the owners Tony  and Joanne  are amazing has are the staff bonny. Alex .cice neno all fantastic  they can't do enough for you I would highly recommend a visit they looked after us sad to have to  go home today but will be back September  so big thanks from the 4 men from wrexham North wales", 'The burger was really avarage if not less, it missed sauce and was dry.\nThe local Cyprus meatballs on the other had were very good. 👍', "Can't overstate the beauty and cosiness of this place. Very glad and pleasant personell speaking multiple languages. Kind and responsive attitude and flexible to adjustments in servings.\nIncredible Chef and awesome food.\nThis place was my go-to lunch spot and I ate half my lunches there during my stay.\nFine music, fans for bearable eating environment and lot's of flowers made it an all in all a 5 star experience in my opinion.", "Food was very average.  Almost tasteless....service could have been better....didn't even ask how my meal was. Guess they know better....house wine was the worst I have had in Cyprus. All round disappointed.", 'Good food, nice place for kids to play', "Our host as always very welcoming to all our family. The food is reasonably priced and of great quality. The cocktails are a treat. Also sending our thanks as we had to have our villa vacated by 11 o'clock and were a little worried leaving our cases, we were offered free storage. Hope to see our good friend again in the near future.", 'Great bar. Great team made you feel very welcome and looked after you. Nice pint of beer too.', 'Great food, friendly staff and a rich selection of drinks.', 'Cocktails are lovely and you can definitely taste the alcohol in them so you know they are not stingy with the portions. Only downside for me was the music, terrible mixing from the dj and the volume kept going up to deafening levels then dropping to reasonable levels. We like to be able to talk to each other while we are drinking not having to shout at each other.', 'Great promoters, those guys should really get a raise, but really nice warm up for night out!  All this was for 20 euros!', 'Great bar!! Here the cocktails taste so good and not so sugary or watery like in other bars nearby!! Recommended it 100 percent!', 'Sagar was a legend 😍 he is the best promoter in ayia napa. He and his friends in the service (jabar, shakil) are really welcoming and do their job very well. They made our trip! But the manager is terrible.', 'Sagar heromone bar ayis napa! Hes the best promoter i ever meet and he gives great deals! Definetly would recomend to visit this bar/club!', 'Nice place , good atmosphere, decent prices', "Good wee bar, drink was same price as elsewhere, located near the main bars/clubs, can't rate the food as didn't have any or see any", 'Amazing atmosphere! DJ is a legend music was banging. Drink prices are decent. Always guaranteed to have a great night!', "Its Class Al yell u what, if your not a craigs bar your getting off way children ya beast FACTS... if your not coming it's because you are too busy kissing minors", 'We stopped here for a few drinks, the service was quick and friendly.', "Rockerfellas Bar, with its expansive space and vibrant atmosphere, seems to be a hotspot, particularly during the nighttime. It attempts to draw in crowds with its extensive sports theme, showcasing a myriad of games and live entertainment, a factor that distinguishes it amidst other bars.\n\nWhile its cleanliness and theme were commendable, the experience, unfortunately, fell short when it came to the actual beverages. The beer served was disappointingly warm, and the cocktails lacked the finesse and balance one would anticipate from such a bustling venue.\n\nWe gave the place a couple of tries, pre-dinner and at lunchtime, hoping for a change in experience, but it remained consistent in its mediocrity in terms of drinks. Despite passing by regularly and witnessing the live entertainment, it lacked the allure to draw us in compared to surrounding venues.\n\nOverall, while the venue has its perks with cleanliness and a well-executed sports theme, the quality of the drinks primarily informs the lower score. For a place teeming with potential, the disappointment in the beverage department was a significant letdown. If you're looking to immerse yourself in sports and entertainment, it might be worth a visit, but temper your expectations when it comes to the drinks.\n\nEnjoyed this review? Hit the like button and follow for more honest insights on local spots!", "Best Mai Tai in Protaras. Great music acts, albeit a little kitch but hey you're  on holiday! Reasonable prices and attentive staff. Even put my supermarket purchases in the fridge so we could stay a while longer before heading back to the villa !", 'Highly recommended Ed sheeran act\n\nHe creates all the music live in the moment', 'Fantastic staff\nGreat food (big )\nGreat place to relax', 'Great sports bar. Home from home. Staff great and happy to chat. Food brilliant and great range of beers and drinks. We had the chicken gyros, salad and chips and chicken Diane with chips and salad both very filling and tasty.', 'Great place we ate here a few times service and food was spot on especially burgers. Family run place great staff can’t say enough', 'The staff are super helpful, the food (fish & chips) was a big portion and the chips where proper English home made. We had fish & chips, cappuccino, pint of koperberg, a small bottle of water, and an orange juice for €21.30 > great value for money.', 'Cracking place! Loads of tables, great staff - HUGE food portions and best seat in the house to watch the Grand Prix on a Sunday. Total bliss', 'Amazing food! 10/10. good atmosphere, football and music. Been here three times during my stay', 'We have been here 3 weeks on holiday and have eaten at Knights Bar every evening apart from 3 evenings.\nThey also hosted the welcome & farewell party for Cyprus Rocks\nThe staff worked so hard on both evenings.\nThe food is excellent and very good value for money. The staff are very friendly. There is a great atmosphere here too. Would highly recommend a visit.', "We ate at knights pub 5 times. Wow! The food is such an excellent quality, steak cooked and seasoned to perfection, moussaka (grandma's recipe) delicious, burgers were fantastic. The swordfish from the specials menu just wow! The desserts were also very tasty. They also make a lovely cocktail. The service was the best even at the busiest time of day. Highly recommended!", 'Staff was very welcoming . Great spot to watch the game and grab a drink. Thanks again from your Canadian friends!', 'Great atmosphere, prices good, measures exceptional', 'Best bet in protaras. Lovely people best drink is,proper measures not like strip, if u want a good drink stop there and very good prices and the best people you will meet', 'Good Bar and friendly enjoyed the singer on Monday night well worth a visit', 'A great looking place, the staff were friendly the food was top-notch  and the ambience was relaxed.', 'I visited Mood’z a few times while in the Paralimni region. I found the restaurant to be extremely clean, well run and the was excellent but at a fair price. Steve and Gaynor were very warm and welcoming. We will definitely be going back.', 'This is a very British place, so don’t expect any exotic food items on the menu.\n\nNone the less I went in and had the cheeseburger, and it was really good!\n\nService was very friendly :-)', 'Hade my lunch at Mood’z today, sausage and mash, meal taken whit a cold Leon, nice staff, would love to come again…👍', 'Fantastic evening here seeing Freddie Morecurry, great atmosphere, been here a couple of times this holiday. Drinks are very reasonably priced too. Definitely recommended', 'Well priced drinks. Casual atmosphere with some music on. We only went to play some pool, wouldn’t recommend the table but it was a good laugh.', 'Not eating just drink. Good place friendly owner. Like they have a lot and nice frame of jokes', 'run by an absolute knob do not come here however great singer called merle forbes performs here so do come for her but boo the fatty with the ugly ponytail', 'Tipsy turtles chef makes the very best homemade steak and guiness pie, meat so tender with mushroom and a tasty thick gravy with a pastry top. Red hot and quite a big size served with great chips and peas and carrots. Going back for another this week YUM!!', 'Had a great Friday night meal. Fish, chips, curry sauce with mushy peas. First class. Staff brilliant and under charged lol. Could not just walked away so made sure it was corrected as we all have to make a living. Keep up the great food and service.', 'A great find during our holiday! Rich is awesome, very inviting and up for a laugh and chat. Good music, sports on the TV what more can you ask for?! Visited 4 evenings out of the 6 we stayed in Cyprus', 'Fantastic lady after bar. I loved her after her first Word. The atmosphere and the beers are amazing. I drink Leon beer and it was delicious', 'Best bar in Ayia Napa! Owner is a gentleman, amazing service and drinks, really great prices! Would recommend to anyone in Ayia Napa!!', 'Lovely service, excellent drinks and very chilled out, great place for a game of pool and a cool down😁', 'Very nice and cozy bar. The drinks are really cheap compared to the rest of the bars, and if you put in a good word at the bartender you can often choose a track to play', 'Andreas excellent host,  he knows his drinks and cocktails , best bar in ayia napa 👍', 'Really tasty grilled Salomon and chicken gyros. Huge choice of coctails - we had salty b**ch and giggolo. Prices fine! Good spot.', 'Been going to this bar for nearly 12 years now . And become friends with adam & george in that time . Tend to stay in here all evening for its chilled out atmosphere and great entertainment provided by adam very funny bloke . Drinks and food especially his breakfast fantastic . Would highly recommend.', 'Very friendly staff and food is great. Beautiful place, not far away from the beach✅', "Fantastic place to enjoy food and drinks. Staff are just amazing! Nothing is too much trouble. Great atmosphere. Can't wait to visit again.", "We went there to watch world cup rugby, so didn't consider food. Atmosphere was electric and we had a great time", 'It is a perfect place where you can drink a really good Guinness, listen to good music and have a good time. The owner of the place, Adrian, is very kind and concerned, thank you very much.', 'A lovely genuine Irish bar\nAdrian the owner is a lovely guy very welcoming and chatty\nWill definitely be back', 'Great spot. Very welcoming. Proper Irish pub in showing Gaelic games, even opening to do so on a Sunday.', "They gave me coffee without water. Usually they gave standard water by coffee when you order.Its a trick they do that if you ask they will charge mineral water bottle. For the rest it's nice place to sit in the sun.", 'I went in for a coffee and was greeted with very unpleasant waitress. Asked for direction around the area, to be given the "smarty" answer asking "am I being serious". She was very rude and unpleasant. I thought maybe she was having a bad day but after reading reviews here, I realized it is a regular thing and I will definitely not be returning. Also there was not sign of not taking cards.', 'Great pub! Great athmosphere. Big and modern terrace with big screens to watch premier league on. Lots of options. Cocktails are great and staff works hard and is very friendly! Great prices also.', 'Perfect place for a cold beer. It is very cheap, and can sit a lot of people. Great service, all though a little slow. We had a great time. They also show sports on TV’s. Located on a great street with many restaurants.', 'Best place in town, super beer, super fast service!!!', 'Best wheat 🌾 flour for chapati\nin all over Zagreb', 'Love the place, a big recommendation to go and grab a drink', 'Great selection of draft beers. Belgium ones being the best obv', "The pub Legenda, an unassuming little gem hidden away just a stone's throw from the bustling city center, offers a soothing escape from the heat and chaos of urban life. Set amid the lush greenery of ancient chestnut trees, this cozy establishment is the perfect spot to unwind with a glass of beer or a shot of raki, the local favorite spirit.\n\nAs you step into the cool shade of the pub, the natural ambience and friendly service immediately make you feel at home. The lack of snacks on the menu is easily forgiven when you experience the refreshing quality of the beverages on offer. While the selection of draft beer may be limited to just one type, the chosen brew is a delightful and satisfying accompaniment to the laid-back atmosphere of the pub.\n\nThe simplicity of Legend Pub's offerings is one of its greatest charms. The unpretentious, low-key vibe allows patrons to focus on what truly matters - enjoying a refreshing drink and good conversation in a serene, welcoming environment. This is a place where visitors can relax, mingle with locals, and truly experience the essence of the city's character.\n\nIn conclusion, Legend Pub is a delightful oasis for those seeking a break from the bustling city center. Though the food and drink options may be limited, the quality and atmosphere more than make up for it. If you find yourself in the area, be sure to stop by for a glass of beer or a shot of raki, and soak in the tranquility that only the shade of chestnuts can provide.", "Great place with great atmosphere. Excellent coffee and good beer selection. They also have pool and darts if you're into that... Worth a visit... Moderate prices too...", 'Amazing next door pub to sit in !!\nDrinks are very good and v friendly staff !!', 'Great coffee', 'Great club under leadership of legendary hardrocker Pishta from legendary Hard Time band. Venue is in the centre of Zagreb, at halfway from old city ti new part across theriver Sava, in building of the national library..\nPrices of drunk are not too high, beer is 3 eur. Mostly they have gigs of tribute, cover and rock bands, and crowed are from early 20s to 50 + (all ages of rock fans). DJ music is heavy and rock.\nCover band AC/DC made super show ,  very cool and funny tribute band.\nStaff and security guys are professional and friendly.\nSeems that hard place is venue for unofficial end rocknroll party', 'The best rock club in croatia! The best party band in Croatia - Superbake!', 'Great rnr bar in Zagreb', "choice of beer is terrible, every beer I tried tasted oxidized, like it's way past expiration date", 'The best staff d the whole world. N never felt so welcome in any country. I love Croatia so much because of this bro and I am swear if you don’t come here you never get a full Croatian experience so thankful for everyone I meant here. Best prices too xo', "This is a self service bar, I don't have anything against that, but the bartenders that helped me were rude.\nAt least the beer is cheap and the terrace is nice.\n\nEDIT: OMG! Even rude to my review! I am not a tourist, I live in Zagreb for many years and the bar had many tourists around me the day I was there. Anyway that is the wrong mentality to run a business. Terrible place and terrible management!", 'Great pub, draft beer very good and unique service with fun atmosphere, specially if Joseph is there. Don’t miss the kebab, it is amazing!', 'Loud place, but the waitress is very nice and they have a great palette of Pelinkovac to choose from', 'Nice old pub...... is a lovely small pub situated in the old town.... hidden from the touristy restaurants and bars...\n\nThe prices are ok for Zagreb .... the waiter was not smiling but he was very honest... I asked for wine and he said the wine isn’t good because the place serves beer.\nThe toilets were fairly clean', 'New management! Now a family business. Tolkiens has had a staff refresh, a style glow up, and is back to slay xx', 'I was there, just tonight, and had a very friendly and informing chat with the lad who was running the pub. Great time, great beer, certainly coming again if I can.', "Nice atmosphere, local beers, good advices from the bartender, what's not to love ?", 'Lovely atmosphere. Huge place with many sit areas. Great for groups. Very well decorated, with all old pharmacy memorabilia.\n\nPeople do make reservations here', 'Cool pub. Beautifully decorated and had a really cosy atmosphere. Nice staff and good drink selection.', 'I only went once, on a Sunday night....and it was very pleasant. It felt warm inside, which was great since it was a cold February night. Good beer, good atmosphere, good music, friendly bartender, and decent crowd. I would definitely return... Especially if I could meet with the same local lad who was a gem to speak with!', 'Very nice pub, multiple cozy rooms and lots of places to sit down. Interior looked great with lots of decoration. Definitely check out the mens bathroom +1. You can also buy cigars here.', 'It has a huge seating area outside, aswell as a smaller, cozy seating area inside. If you decide to sit outside, you have to go inside to order. They have quite a good selection of drinks, non/alcoholic. There is also a very large bike rack outside, so you wont have to worry about it if youre biking there.', "Really interesting concept.. almost like you are in park.. rather then bar.. prices are awesome..\nThere wasnt any music we could hear.. or waiter's..  but still we didnt mind at all..\nIts great place for larger groups since their tables are huge (8-12 people could sit)", "One of the most atmospheric bars in Zagreb. All the furniture is old and broken, the toilet isn't great, no food... But none of it matters! Great place to spend an afternoon drinking in the summer. Friendly staff and patrons.", "'Krivi put' is a right way to spend your day with friends. Good vibes, chill atmosphere, relaxed people that's what you can find here. Like a hidden oasis in downtown of Zagreb.  Outdoor terrace is big and open. They have a wide variety of drinks, a lot of locals like Velebitsko and I noticed especially they drink 'Velebitsko nefiltrirano' which is one of the most popular here. During the day a lot of students come here to study, in the evening it change face and turns into a night pub. Where you have students as your main clients you know prices are lower then in other places. I also like they still preserved old look, like in old š Some things shouldn't be changed, and 'Krivi put' is definitely one of those.", 'Waiter refused let us combine tables since there was 10 of us celebrating a birthday. Looked annoyed when we ordered and missed out on second and third round of drinks which we wanted to spend there, but since we felt not very welcomed the the 10 of us went on our marry way somewhere else for a drink.\nAlso, that morning they informed us that there are no resevations -. -', "A bit hidden from the busy urban rhythm, which is sometimes a great advantage. Lots of air /sliding huge glass windows turn it almost into an open space/, ok beer selection /at least the ones we tried, I think some amber was one of them/, good venue for pub quizes. Haven't tried any food, so I cannot tell anything about that.", 'Great beer choice and music. Mt friends and I were sitting in the non smoking area, if you sit at the smoking area be aware that the smell of cigarette is very strong. Nevertheless we will for sure visit again for some lovely drinks 🍻', 'A nice pub to have coffie and/or local or homemade beer to enjoy in a roustic atmosphere.', 'One of my favourite pubs in Zagreb. The staff are great and there are some pool tables downstairs. Beer selection is pretty unique for Zagreb too - Guinness and Killkenny on tap.', 'Best Irish coffee I’ve ever had! Lots of care went into making this drink and that’s why I love to try new places. The bartender was very friendly. Thanks!', "Great place for morning coffe and beer at night. You can even play on three billiar tables, that are on -1 floor. The staff is mostly friendly, they have few guys that can be grummpy in the morning but I don't take it perssonaly 😉 In the evenings sometimes they have some special nights like quiz night, St Patric celebration, watching football matches... The place is nicely decorated, mostly in wood with comfortable armchairs on the floor +1. The toilet is also nice and clean (at least the one for ladies).\nThe beers that they serve all craft beers, and that is I think the only minus in my opinion since i preffier lager. 😁\nBut I'm switching easily to gin-tonic 🙃", 'Great beer, amazing atmosphere, pleasant staff. Will definitely come back again. Beer prices are a bit spicy.', 'Excellent food. Spare ribs were delicious, not dry, quite a big portion (perhaps for 2), and they came easily off the bone. Portions are relatively big, place is cozy and comfortable, and ALL workers were very friendly and helpful. We found this place by chance since it was raining hard, turned out great! Definitely recommend.', 'Stopped in here for a late lunch/snack.\nThe menu is very extensive and is peppered with amusing nuggets of information about beer! 😅\nSitting outside gives you the chance to watch people going by on the busy, pedestrianised street.\nService was good and friendly.\nWould recommend a visit.', "We waited 40 minutes for the order to arrive, the waitress recommended multiple times to have some fries without telling us the price and after we checked that regular fries cost 3,40€, in less than 2 minutes we asked her if we could change the fries with pub potatoes instead and the answer was absolutely no without even thinking or asking if it was possible. (They already made the fries in less than 2 minutes and they couldn't change?!)\nI saw they would bring the food to other tables that ordered after us, in less time than they served us but it wasn't possible to change the fries? I'm sure the fries weren't even ready when we asked to change.\nWe asked for ketchup and the waitress said ketchup mayonesse? So we said ok and she brought us ketchup and mayo in small bags and charged them 1,40 (or 1,50€ i dont remember exactly) EACH!!! This is the first time except from fast foods that they charge us for ketchup and mayo.\nIn the end, when we asked for the bill, we paid in cash and we waited more than 10 minutes for the change and when we asked the waitress for it she said she thought it was a tip...??! No we never told her to keep the change or anything, but of course she wanted to keep it. Unbelievable unprofessional behaviour.\nWe always leave tips when we visit other places but this time I'm sorry to say that was the worst service we ever had, we weren't satisfied with how she treated us as guests. We saw other waiters there running all the time but unfortunately we weren't satisfied at all with the one that served us.\nOverall, burgers were good, chicken burger had too much paprika in the minced meat.", 'Nice, generous serving of fried calamari and chips at a reasonable price (11.50€).\nTook a bit of time to get a waiter’s attention to order, and then pay though… but nice buzzing atmosphere', "Good beer, good prices. Nice and chill atmosphere with some seating outside.\nIf you want a beer on your own, or hang with a group of people I think it's perfect.\nThe bartender was super nice too!", 'Just off the main square and down an alley, but could be a whole world away from Zagreb.  Perfect place to enjoy a beer on a Sunday.', 'Smoking inside is always a shock but the service and place is great In an interior courtyard', "A cool pub in center of Zagreb. A bit boring if you want a lively environment. Come and have a pint to relax, but not to party hard. Toilet is as usual bad. Music is like some radio it's bad. Interior is good and cool to look at. Overall its a nice pub to come and have a pint. Cheers like if you think this is useful.", 'Grumpy waiter, won’t be ordering from this place again. No menu for drink or bites available, which is weird. Prices were ok', "A lovely bar situated on a street and when it's not raining (or the winter months) it makes for a lovely cheeky drink of Karlovačko and people watching.\n\nThe design of the whole place has a really cool vibe too, the graffiti artwork is brilliant!", "If you're mindful poliically this bar makes zero sense unless you're mindless consumer. Also it smells awful in the basement... i mean bar", 'Beautifly decorated, the walls are painted and pretty. The server is nice and we got drinks quickly.', "Just loved the atmosphere in this place. I wanted to take one of the stuffed monkeys home!\n\nThe cocktails were quite good and refreshing. My only complaint is one of the cocktails was almost warm rather than strained/shaken with ice, but it was still a tasty beverage. This visit was also our first time trying the Croatian 'PiPi,' which was like a less-sweet Fanta!\n\nLovely service.", "I'm in love with this place! Service is fast and they are available all the time, stuff is super kind, cocktails are fantastic, atmosphere i cozy and chill! I could literally live there. This is the place to be!", 'The atmosphere is very nice, especially during weekend nights. It has 3 floors actually as open air place. We tried different coctails and they were pretty good with that price so totally recommended if you are looking for a night-out place in Zagreb!!', 'Why not😎\nRight on the main road in Zagreb city back in an ally, there\'s an hostel with "all in" Pool, restaurant and a great "hang out" bar in a staged garden. Make the the dish washer a bit cleaner and the staff more engadged, then this place is a "rocket star" on the list of places you want to hang out on✌️', 'The best place in all of Sesvete. Great beer, great staff, great owner, great food. We even got married here. We love everything about this place. I recommend to anyone.', 'A very comfortable place to sit and eat something, they have homemade beer that is great, Burgers are great as well as reasonable prices.', "Authentic 'Irish Pub' with broad drink selection and delicious food. Small and cozy place, but probably the best in the city.", 'Best burger in Zagreb. I recommend the American burger one! And the their dark sweet craft beer is amazing!', "Nice and cosy little underground pub in the center, craft beer on tap (great prices), gemišt for 10 kn, board game styled tables. Staff is very friendly. There's a guitar that you can use on special occasions ;)", 'Very good draft beer, nice atmosphere and friendly staff!', "This punk music spirit, craft beer pub opened September 15th in the space of former cult Zagreb blues & rock bar Tituš. That's a pretty hard act to follow and it's been impressive to see PUNKS get off to a successful running start.\n\nThe music & live gigs are great and the atmosphere is more reminiscent of a place which has been open much longer.\n\nThe great rotating selection of local tap craft brews is excellent and highly welcome in this part of the neighborhood. Relatively low priced drinks in general and a very competitively priced Trs Graševina based gemišt.\n\nI'm very much looking forward to watch PUNKS bloom into the Upper Town gem it's well on it's way to becoming.\n\nGrab yourself a pale ale or gemišt, open a tin of čvarci and enjoy!", 'Really good selection and decent prices. Definetly recommend.', 'A nice pub / caffe to grab a cup of coffee or a drink in the center of the city. There is also plenty of seating room on the terrace you should defintely take advantage of if the weather is nice. The interior is really well decorated as well, has a vintage feel to it. The serivce is quick, but the server was not particulary friendly. The cost of a cup of cappucino was, which was average at best, was 2,30 €. Really too much for what they have to offer.', 'We sit here for a short time,  girls had some wine. Don\'t take "plavac lipanovic". That wine felt like opened for days.  Waitress /men/ been bit rude . Lady ordered good red wine  , but we had to leave it on table . Have to warn others', 'An elite club where celebrities, politicians and  rich,  aswell as beautiful people meet. Very expensive.', 'The beer was great, the club sandwich also, but I will never order Caesar salad again in a Pub! Just the green salad leaves and some chicken with a little of nuts and cheese... 😬', "Best bar in Rijeka. Possibly even the best bard in Europe, maybe even the world. I came for a drink once, and met friends for life. Nina is the best bartender, and c4 is the best beer I've ever tried. And I've been around many countries and many places, but none can beat Croatia and the Bard. 15/10", 'A beer lover’s place.\nOne should come here to taste a palette of flavours depending on which beer you have choosen.\nThe square it is located at is quite and a place to hide from the heat...\n\nSuper friendly waiters', 'Great atmosphere and cheap beer. We didnt order any food, but we hope to correct this in the future. The right place to have one with your friends.', 'Good beer and good place....good choise!!!\nAnd you can also enjoy a GREAT hamburger from Dr. Burger, 50 mt. before the pub.', 'The work hours are not correct and the place closes at two, and the top floor does not have adequate ventilation to get all the smoke out.\nOtherwise quite a nice place to grab a drink.', 'Wow 😲\nTop place 👌\nI love them. 😎🍻', 'Rude staff. Went for a beer in the afternoon and they turned the lights off while we were drinking our beer. The hours on the door listed open until midnight. Not sure why they were closing up at 5pm when we were the only people in there.', 'Super place. Not so much crowded at the day. Night time used to be excellent. Good  music.', 'The only place in Rijeka that wasnt playing turbofolk, until now. Total dissappointment', 'The owner of the apartment where we stayed in was the most pleasant kind n helpful person', 'Okish, very crowded and full of smoke, but the only place we found in Rijeka for dancing', "Were there before Corona and now after Corona. Not as much action than before, when we visited they had no croatian draft Beer only Heineken and it's a little bit more expensive than in other Bars in Rijeka. But the wooden Bar inside is very nice decorated and it's clean. The Waiter looked not so motivated. I Sadly have to say it's not the same anymore 😪", "Cool, kinda hidden place I didn't know existed even though I live here. Affordable prices, kind owner, amazing interior. Definitely recommended! They're also currently looking for students to work there.", 'Great music and ambience. Friendly staff. Will come back!', 'Nice', "Low key one of the best places in town. Place looks great on the inside and has a pool table. Doesn't get crowded often and is extremely cozy. Amazing place for beer with friends.", 'Great Irish pub just off the Riva. Super friendly staff, good Guinness and great selection of local craft beers. Try the Nova Runda 👍', "Fantastic welcome but was closed at a time when Google said it was open. But that is Google's fault!\nThe people in this Irish pub are fantastic! Service, atmosphere a place to meet people from all over the world and share the craic with folk.", 'Okay, I rated the food as 4 stars only because it\'s pub grub! Are every bite of it!\n\nJust absolutely loved the atmosphere because of the clientele... We chatted with our bartender, Christina, and she was awesome - chatting with us about the history of the pub and the local area (even recommending local places to eat and drink later), and kept us "occupied" until the locals showed up... And they included us into conversations and we feel right at home!\n\nA very enjoyable 2-3 hours here and will definitely come back!', 'Busy bar with great music and good atmosphere. Would suggest heading upstairs to get a table. Nice selection of beers and spirits. Bar staff are friendly and fast at serving.', 'Went there for the Ireland/new Zealand quarterfinal world cup. Standing room only. The place was packed with fans of both nations and people trying to watch from outside\nBrilliant atmosphere.\nDrinks were good, service good\nCash only', 'Amazing pub, excellent atmosphere, great selection of beer, super friendly staff, Miguel is absolutely the best', "We thoroughly enjoyed our visits to O'Hara's pub throughout our holiday at Split. The owner was very welcoming,  friendly and obliging. He turned on the Tour De France for us on request without any hesitation. Good music was playing in the background at all times, before leaving he gave us an unexpected drink on the house.\n\nDefinitely worth a visit 😀", 'One day I was passing by. Just by pure chance I went in and it changed my life. My favorite place now. Good beer good crowd. Met many interesting people there.', "Nice bar with good decor and a local IPA on draught which was tasty.  It has a bit of an Irish theme (Jameson and Guinness signs etc) going on but I didn't get any sense that it's owned, run out particularly frequented by Irish people.  Worth a visit if you're in the area.", 'Beautifully decorated pub with good selection of drinks. Located close to city centre (10 min walking distance). Very friendly and fast service.', 'Awful place. The decoration is nice but the music was to die for a Saturday night. Terrible service with not kind employees. Since people are allowed to smoke inside, you can’t breathe normally, and after 15 minutes you get stinky clothes and hair. Run from this place! Reviews don’t match reality', 'Real cozy pub with a nice staff and some tasty croatian craft beer on tap.\nThe only down side: they let customers smoke inside.', 'They have a counter area where one can grab food and drinks to go.\n\nAnnoyingly the prices are not listed and some items are not labeled so one has to ask for the prices individually and for explanation of what certain items are.\n\nAt the time of writing this review, one slice of pizza was €3, sandwiches were €5 and wraps were €7.\n\nI waited in line for about 1 minute and when my turn came one of the employees went inside and the other one started cleaning up. After about one or two minutes she looked up and was like: "oh, can I help you?" It was a bit confusing because my thoughts were that she is busy with cleaning and can\'t serve me do I have to wait for the other one but it seems she just wasn\'t attentive.\n\nI took a tuna wrap and it was OK.', 'For the price 5 star especially across from cruise ships. I am guessing that when busy service is bad. Not busy today. Burger great, the balkan style cevapcici with ivar sauce fantastic!!!!', 'Great place for a quick bite, midway between Split old town and the Ferry and Bus Terminal. Great service with a smile, reasonable prices and an extensive enough menu.', 'Cool little spot, however the service was terrible. I had to go ask if they were open after sitting for quite some time. Again I had to find what I suspect to be the owner or owner’s son to pay. He never came back to the table to check on us.\nThe glass I was given for my beer was filthy. I wouldn’t waste my time here again when there are so many great places with excellent service in Split.', 'We were welcomed as a gay couple 👬 and enjoyed the staff taking care of us. At night we were told is better for being with our gay people. During the day the tourists came for a drink and it was good happy atmosphere', 'A brilliant bar for any traveller. Ideal for solo adventurers. Well priced drinks, amazing atmosphere, great events on including live music. A hotspot for international travellers to mingle and share stories!', 'Circus was phenomenal. She helps my girls find everything we needed on the spot. Was so sweet, the best introduction to our time in split.', 'Great place! Really friendly staff. Amazing frizen margaritas.', 'we have been eating here for a few years now and it is one of our favourites. very tasty and large portions. everything is served with a smile. top staff working here. price here is slightly higher than other restaurants but it is well worth it. we keep coming back here.', 'Who’d know a bar/club would make such good food! None of us needed even an ounce of salt or pepper. Everything was super good and service was good. You should try the restaurant during the day and then come back for drinks during night.', 'Nice, stylish place with great food and polite staff.\nWe had “beef spreads” for a starter  (sorry they were gone before I even made photos :)), grilled chicken with homemade potato chips, and “pasticada”, a traditional Dalmatian slow-cooked meat dish with gnocchi. Everything tasted great and I would definitely come back.', 'Great atmosphere, really good music. Cash only bar where the bar tenders seem to make up the prices. I paid €25 and then €35 for the same round if of drinks. Extremely crowded near the dance floor but if you head to the back of the bar there is plenty of space. We went back twice in 2 nights.', "Affordable cocktails, decent selection of beers, relaxing atmosphere, very likeable waiter, air conditioning - all you need on a hot summer afternoon.\nMaybe not important information, but might be to some - one of the cleanest and best equipped bar restrooms I've ever encountered in Croatia.\n\nThe only downside is that smoking is allowed at this place and if the terrace is closed, you're doomed to smoke filled interior.", "Good atmosphere. But the waitress was with a very unhappy face and unfriendly. I hope this doesn't always happen here. Visit 07.07.2024", 'Great place for drink with friends. Less than 10 minutes from center of Split.', "This is my go to pub, I love it. Atmosphere is green and beautiful, a lot of nice pictures. Great service when they give you peanuts, I'm not sure why they don't give me peanuts sometimes but it's okay I understand.\nAll in all worth your visit.", 'Cheap! Cash only, you can get 2 beers (pints) for under €5. The long island ice tea is savage.', 'Guy flagged us down for a drink as we were walking by and sat us at a table outside. After ordering several rounds and wracking up a bill we tried to pay, at which point he then told us it’s cash only, and pointed to a tiny little sign inside the bar that said so. Anywhere else we’ve gone where this was the case they clearly disclosed it ahead of time', 'Avoid. Staff served us while conveniently not indicating it’s the only cash bar in the old town. When asked they said they couldn’t tell us it’s a cash only bar while we sat outside (what?!) then pointed to a tiny sign inside. If you want your business to benefit from tourism then get with the times!', 'Great cocktails and low prices. Rather quiet and komfortable to take a break.', 'Super cheap, very busy and swift service from a young lass who really knows hot to run her bar.... no matter how busy it gets.\n\nThanks for the Vodkas 👍😎🇭🇷', 'Excellent beers and coffee! The great selection of jazz and blues tunes really elevated the vibe. ✌️', 'Nice place, nice music, nice locals, nice staff, nice drinks.', 'Great place for local people. Better ventilation would be appreciated (cigarette smoke on gallery makes you feel like smoked prosciutto).', 'The drinks at this bar were amazing! We also loved the way the menu described the drinks- was super easy to choose what we liked! We got the spicy drink + the tropical thunder. They are both tequila based and so so good! The vibe was great as well - they were playing throwback 2000’s music and it was perfect. The staff were also really friendly!', 'The pub had a vibrant and energetic atmosphere that made for a memorable evening. The staff were friendly and attentive, ensuring that we had everything we needed. The selection of drinks was impressive, with a decent range of craft beers and cocktails to choose from. The pub also offered delicious bar snacks that perfectly complemented our drinks - specially the pulled pork bao buns.', 'Nice cocktail bar. I wouldn’t advice coming here for dinner as it is mainly snacks to accompany drinks, which we didn’t realise. We still had a nice time, with nice drinks and a good atmosphere.', 'Impeccable service. Awesome bar with original as hell cocktails and delicious side order food options. Seriously, try the cocktails…mind-blowingly good!! Great music too!', 'A lovely drink in a busy hip street. We had some cocktails, recommend it for an after hour fun', 'I always go there for breakfast. Just love the croissant with scrambled eggs and cheese. Delicious! It is not cheap but good quality. The croissant and fresh orange juice will cost you around 10€. The waitress are very friendly and it is a place with local costumers. The area to sit outside is great and though I have been there in the summer there are some fireplaces for colder days.\nFor sure it is a great place to have a cocktail in the evening.', 'Delicious breakfast in this place. The food is super good and fresh. The atmosphere and decorations are also very very beautiful. The staff are friendly and very efficient. Highly recommended.', 'Teo ist the best waiter but ivana is much better then him bc she has a nice eyeliner. Tjey are all really nice and sympathic and i hope they get a raice. We made new friends bcecause they are so nice! Teo is reallzy cool!', "It was okay.\nWe were ignored by the staff at first and waited for about 10 mins. One thing that did piss me off, was the fact that we couldn't split our bill at the end. We weren't told that we had to say that we were going to pay separately until we asked for the bills, plural. Please let the costumers know about this sort of thing.\n\nI really did dislike the fact that they were writing the orders in a phone-like-thingy. Made us uncomfortable.\n\nThe food was fine, a bit overpriced but that was expected, considering the location. The water was 5€ though and that really was overly expensive.", 'Waitress was mocking, not helpfull or service minded at all, coffee was foul (image: large coffee with cream and a fly for good meassure), drinks were expensive and mediocre, food supposedly good, but same dishes differed a lot in size. Don’t come here..', 'Very small portions, we went for a slice of pizza after eating there lol service was good though, nice view, nice atmosphere. The beef and burrata salada is not beef, it’s a type of salami', "The food was good. It was nothing special but not bad either. The staff was really friendly and supportive when it started to rain.\nYou're not doing anything wrong when choosing this restaurant.", 'We had a brilliant time in here for our last night in Split. The service was really great, and the food even better. It wasn’t too badly priced, slightly more than you’d normally pay, but it was worth it for the quality of the food and the attentiveness of the waiters and waitresses. The presentation was exceptional too. Thank you very much, and I recommend this place to anyone fancying some fresh local produce cooked in a delightful manner.', 'We had breakfast - food was tasty, portions were pretty small for the price we paid. Good location, nice view. Each table had a button which we were supposed to press when we were ready to order etc which I thought was a great idea as I like to order in my own time, however we have been approached by waiters twice within the first 5 minutes after we sat down so the button option was pointless. Overall would recommend :)', 'Beautiful setting outdoors on the water. The juices were fresh. The food delicious. The service was very nice. Overall recommend.', 'Cosy place to brunch, with view on the sea and on the boats.\n\nLots of choices to eat, we went for the french toast and the breakfast nr 7.\n\nVery friendly staff, we got a nice spot to sit with our 5m old daughter with her stroller', "This place had a brilliant atmosphere right in the center of Diocletian's Palace in Split. We went there for three evenings during our six-day visit and had food on two of those evenings, enjoying some relaxing drinks on our final evening. Unfortunately, I didn't get the name of one of the staff members who served us every night, but he was absolutely top-notch. There was music playing outside every evening, which added to the great ambiance, and the place was buzzing with energy. I highly recommend it.", 'Wow! The food was great, the service was wonderful,  we had the best waiter, Mario, who was patient,  nice and explained and recommended on good dishes. And he was so great with our kids, my daughter fall in love with him! And the live music was great!\nBest place in our trip in Croatia!', "There are very few places in Split where one can get a beer without having to order food as well.\nLvxor is my favorite; has great air conditioning; a very cool decor; cold beer; and a super-friendly staff.\nIf you just want to get out of the heat and have a beer/drink without having to order food, this is the place.\nLocated across the courtyard from the tower in Diocletian's Palace.", 'Best pasta with beef and truffles!  Nice sitting inside where you can talk as well as listening to the live musician singing soft romantic songs. Visitors sitting around the square listening to the soft music and dancing.  A beautiful evening to spent with family, friends and love ones. 👍', 'Great cafe, great selection of drinks, especially beer. The location is extraordinary, the atmosphere and ambience excellent. Staff polite and helpful.', 'Really nice place wit big assortment of beers and spirits. I feel very at home there.', 'Staff was trash he judged us for ordering pizza with less cheese.', 'Some beers on tap stale. Service ok but not perfect. Not very inclusive.', 'Great choice of beer and friendly and helpful staff. This location, otherwise quite dull, was in need of a bar like this. Recommended 👌', 'Highlight of my visit was when my cousin brought a Hemp Ale you guys had to try. Delicious !!!', 'Love the Croatia brewed beer! So happy to find this place close to the station!', 'Good music, nice people and excellent beer', 'Ok', 'just beautiful', 'super', 'Good caffe', 'Fabulous place indeed! Very kind staff.', 'Terrible experience from the start:\nWaitress had a hard time with the menu, and when we finally received our bottle of wine, it was painful to watch her try to open it.\nEventually,she asked us to open it for her.\nTo continue, the bottle was not chilled, and she left without pouring us a glass and she forgot to acknowledge other guests at the table.\nLatter in the evening, she came to the table to look at the label of the bottle and left which we thought it’s odd but we didn’t think much about it.\nHowever, when we got our bill, the bottle of wine was double the price she told us.\nI went to inquire and was told we received the wrong bottle.\nI believe if I didn’t speak the language, I would be overcharged.\nThey fixed the price but I felt embarrassed bringing my Canadian and Spanish friends here.\nGreat location, but I would not recommend this place.', "Nice view on the river but the service was too slow... Maybe they need more bartenders. The staff that was there was very friendly tho. For craft beer lovers, there isn't much to choose from really. Could be better.", "The view is beautiful, it's on a corner so it gets windy outside.  The menu consists of a few non alcoholic drinks such as juices and a bunch of alcoholic ones from shots to wine to cocktails.  The downside is you have to wait quite a long time to get serviced and dome of the waiters are giving off attitude quite a lot.  There are exceptions of course.", 'Great coffee, great atmosphere and great service.', 'Ok', 'Good atmosfere, prohibited eating inside', 'Top', 'Super', 'Pleasant staff, quiet jet terrace for informal socializing.', 'A real neighborhood cafe.... Good homely atmosphere.... Good coffee...', 'It smells like fish', 'Super', 'Top', 'Not bad', 'Suppp', 'Nicely decorated with fish aquariums, a hidden gem! Terrace availabile in summer months.', 'Nice atmosphere, curtious staff, lovely fishes🐟🐠 😁', 'Ok', 'The waiter was a little bit confused.', 'The interior is elegant with a touch of nature. Feeling like i’m drinking coffee in the wilderness. The coffee is so bitter, adding too much sugar sont fix it. Also the music is outrageous.', "20 meters from children's playground. You can drink your coffee I'm peace.", 'Ok', "the waitress was very unapproachable and rude, when I ordered a glass of water, she said that they don't do that and that I have to order something else, she brought the wrong order and when we asked her to bring us what we ordered, the order was practically threw it on the table and behaved very rudely towards the guests", '', 'Great place... Great music... Great selections of drinks...', 'Very nice service', "Nice and cosy, waitress is excellent in her job. One of my favourite places when I'm in Osijek.", 'Nice caffe with not to loud music and discrete lightning my recommendations', 'Ok', 'The best of all is the terrace, a great choice for indoor parties.', 'Good space and different selection of music, they could work on the toilets since the content is quite minimal. Helpful staff and no waiting in line', 'A little more finishing and the perfect place to go out.', '🔝', '', 'Lovely place for drinks with a top location in Zadar. We enjoyed our time both outside and inside the bar, there is plenty of beer, cocktails. We recommend drinking Maraschino kiss.', 'Nice pub for hanging around in the evening hours. Service, drinks and Ambiente are nearly perfect matches.', "Had great service at first. Good beer, music and not too smokey inside. When we had finished drinks took glasses back and asked for another. Was told to sit down & he'd be over. After 10 minutes & several newcomers served still not come. We got exact cash together & left it with him.\nToo many customers & cocktail orders for 1 man to serve. GET MORE STAFF", 'I had a great time there. The staff are really nice and very kind. The price is very reasonable for the quality of the beer and the ambiance.', 'A group of me and my friends visited Zadar for 4 days from the UK. We found Frenky Bar on the first night and spent every other night we had here. The drinks are so affordable but the atmosphere is incredible. We met so many people from all over the world. The bartender was amazing!! We drank through the menu pretty quickly and he was more than happy to make anything we asked for (and lots of surprise drinks and shots). He was so welcoming and lovely. If you are in Zadar I actually cannot recommend this place enough. The music, the atmosphere, the staff, the drinks!!! This is the best bar I have ever visited, we are coming back to Zadar purely for this place, Thank you!!', "I'm here right now. I'm not leaving till it closes. It's amazing - cheap, tasty, good music! I'm so happy we don't have a bar like this back in my country, because I would sit there all night, every night.", 'BEST BAR EVER €2 euro a drink and rave and dance tunes playing all night!!!! 2 geordies from Newcastle and the best vibe in all of Zadar. The guy who owns it is in his late 70’s. LEGEND !!', 'I fell in love with this bar, mostly for its drinks, “s€x on the old washmachine” was the best. The owner is also very nice and friendly guy, and rest of the personal was also very nice. If i ever go back in Zadar i will knock myself out drunk like yesterday.', "Perfect place with astonishing view on the old city, delicious coffee, experienced waiter with excellent manners.\n3 stars of 5 only because more than sometimes there is only one waiter who rushes and can't cover terrace all alone so this one goes on the owner's back.", 'Nice Location for drinking, not overcrowded, not to expensive, tasty home made Icetea', 'Affordable price for beers! We spent a few hours watching the boats and basking in the sun! Definitely worth a visit for a drink or two, had a Long Island iced tea and was one of the best I’ve had! Would love to visit again in future', 'Update your hours matey! Thanks', 'Came here last night, cocktails were well priced and super tasty. But by far the best part was the staff!! So friendly and lovely, really made us feel welcome 💜💜💜', 'Amazing cocktails. So fudging cheap. The best. Cool people. Cool vibes. The counter culture center of the city. Friendly neighborhood cat.', "This place has a soul! Reminds me of the micro bars in the northern Europe. Chill vibes! Excellent choice of music. Affordable prices. Would recommend to everyone who's a bit fed up with tacky tourist places in Croatia. This place is a breath of fresh air and Croatia needs more places like this!", 'Awesome drinks, great service!', 'One of the best bars in Zadar. Great service, tasty coffee and delicious cocktails. Highly recommended.', 'Horrible drinks and even worse service. Also worth mentioning the owner seems to comment all one star reviews by accusing people to steal drinks. Terrible place.', 'Waited for a long time for the waiter to come take our order. When our drinks arrived, they had put at least 10 ice cubes in my 60ml drink without even asking me if i wanted ice in the first place. Also, very expensive compared to other places in the area', 'Best Place in Zadar for drink and people...Barman Rocco Is the best!!!', 'A very nice place to chill and have a drink. The service was very good and timely as well', 'Ok', 'Super', 'Waiting for hours, only small beers €3 minimum, pizza ok but the overall impression is bad...', "I recommend the daily menu, as It's an affordable lunch option in the old town area. Nice atmosphere and a solid service.", 'Great cafe tucked away in one of the many lane ways of the old town . A great place\nfor a coffee , one of the best for me in Zadar . There is an atrium style seating area opposite the original building where it seats almost 60-80p. Outdoor seating as well. A popular spot for young adults due to the bar however also a go to for the locals .', 'That’s a shame ! I ordered a Pornstarn Martini and there was non of alcohol in it ! Also a size was just ridiculous! Definitely, I do not recommend!', "We've love it! Nice and beautiful place to have a drink ! Hvala! 😃👍", 'Nice budget place for darts and drinking. Outdoor area available, but on the main street. Mainly local guests.', 'Nice location, good staff, small selection of beer', 'The cafe has not been open for months 😀', "Unfortunately it doesn't work anymore", 'Teh best drink for best price love it💓', 'Lovely place - good prices, delicious pizza and the service was very nice. Would recommend to anyone.', 'Great bar, delicious cocktails and great service!\nWould definitely visit again', 'Liked this place very much. Wine and sandwiches were great.', 'Ok place', 'Okay.', 'Best coffee in town', 'Top', 'Great place for spend some time when you come in Zadar. Good atmosphere, very kind staff and affordable prices. I will recommended this bar to everyone! 10/10 🥳', 'Guma bar is a really nice place to have a few drinks and hang out with friends. Its a must to visit!! Cheers Guma bar for the fun I had!', 'Good ambience ,great service and  Mohito so tasty,Well done Team !!!!!', "I'll never go back there! Rude and incompetent waiter spilled hot coffee over a customer and the glass broke over her back. He carried too much stuff, 2 rows of things one over the other on the pladder. Moreover he did not appologize and nobody else reacted. The owner should know, this kind of unproffessiinalism will cost him the bar's reputation.", 'Very nice cafe with a big choice of drinks for reasonable prices. We loved to start our morning here with a cup of cappuccino:)', 'Nice waitress. Good prices and delicious Iced Coffee (with different tastes Chocolate/Vanilla/Coconut etc.)', 'Nice place but the music is very bad and annoying american top 40, they play the same bad songs every 30 minutes. Please update your music playlist.', 'The nearby beach is 11/10 but the Wi-Fi is private 😡 Also, i love kofee', 'Great craft beer bar in the centre of Zagreb. Large selection of draught and bottled beers. Super cosy garden area. The statues of musicians are a special bonus!', "very nice beer garden with huge variety of croatian beers (highly recommend for those who tasted Karlovačko and didn't like it, don't give up on croatian beer!)\nthey also have a lot of international ones and different types, for those who want to explore beers in general 🍺\n(hibiscus sour was my favorite)\n\nthe staff was amazing, friendly and helpful - made the whole experience even better!\n\noverall a must visit \U0001faf6🏻", 'Our cabbie recommended this place, we went during the day for a few drinks.\nPrices were far too cheap for cocktails, I was very suspicious and rightly so...', 'Fantastic place with busts and sculptures of famous rock stars through the years outside in the garden. Really friendly staff and good selection of drinks too! This was part of a fleeting visit to Zagreb but we found hidden gems like this dotted aroind the city so will return!', 'Fun atmosphere resembling that of a club, but still not over the top loud either. Amazing place to chill out with either yourself or your friends.\n\nThe service here was absolutely amazing with very nice servers and bartenders. The main bartender we saw there obviously knew and took pride in his craft.\n\nOur servers have been exceptional at guiding us and creating cocktails made personally.', 'The place is really interesting and very well decorated in steam punk style. There were a lot of people, but we got our drinks very fast. The staff is great, friendly and they work fast. We had coctails and the price was acceptable, not too much like most places.\nWe saw some interesting things on the menu so we will come back to try more.', 'I had a coffee americano here. Everything was ordinary, nice spot to have a drink. However, it is allowed to smoke inside and it is really unpleasant for me.', 'Fav place in Zagreb. Cozy place with great atmposhere', 'Big terrace, cozy inside, big clean restroom', 'Menu is very limited, just basic drinks.', 'Nice, warm basement seating especially convenient during wintertime.', 'Delicius white coffe i warm croasant made my morning beautifull', 'Top', 'super', 'Decent prices, the only bad thing was the inappropriate throwing of local krkans, everything else was good.', 'Good pub, nice ambience, meeting point of local Krkans, 10/10', 'The atmosphere is pleasant, the music is top notch (Ex-yu rock when I was there), the waiters are polite, the range of drinks enchanted me. Here, your four-legged pets can also drink their beer while you drink your personalized coffee or drink from a wide selection (from non-alcoholic homemade juices to all kinds of alcoholic drinks). I am delighted with the offer and quality and approach to guests!', 'Excellent coffee (small works of art), pleasant atmosphere, very nice waiter. All praise and recommendations.', "I have to praise the quality of the coffee, it's always the same quality, all the praise..!\nI would only suggest that you include cocoa in the offer, because my friend only drinks cocoa\nEverything else is great keep up the good work!\nLp\nMartin", 'Drinks stand out. The staff is very polite. I really like Saturday nights when there is live music.', 'Great beer and coffee..', 'Best service, good people. Nice selection of music, and lovely atmosphere overall', 'Great selection of beer and beverage, cozy and comfy atmosphere', 'Nice terrace, but a lot of traffic and car noise', 'What an epic venue, the atmosphere in here is buzzing, it never gets dull. Bar is mega busy, but hey, thats all a part of it', 'Really cozy bar - cozy music, good service and good prices. 1 draft beer 18 kuna, and lots of different options. Hidden gem. A bit far away from center, but worth a walk. Smoking inside is aloud - be aware of this.', 'Although great venue for good beer and music, concert area is poorly ventilated. Good beer chive, nice and big outside sitting area.', "A very good place to finish the evening, very nice ambiance. We didn't sample the food but the service was average and slow (maybe because it was at the end of the night).", 'Very slow and unprofessional staff, we waited for more than 15 minutes for a waitress to come, at the end had to go to the bar to order coffee, and the waitress said that she is not sure that she will have time to make coffee. We definitely won’t come here again😤', 'Do not expect the drink you ordered, as you will receive something completely different. Especially when it comes to coffee...', 'Great cafe. Non-dairy milk available. Excellent service and great latte. Love the vibes.', 'It has a huge smoking and non-smoking area. It is located inside the shopping center, so use the toilet that is in the center. Prices are affordable. Very nice location of the city!', 'Very nice place, interesting design. Nice atmosphere. The stuff is very kind, professional, and helpful. Affordable prices. Highly recommending the place.', 'A very cute and cozy place in Novi Zagreb, great prices and tasty coffe.', "Awesome atmosphere, great staff and superb pricing, everything you could wish for in a bar, it's overall one of if not the best bar in New Zagreb.", 'Undescribebly calm atmosfere, good drinks, not too crovded, even on weekends and not too expensive. Good place for work but also an recreation. The employers are nice and friendly and interior is all retro 80s if you love that kind  of stuff this is bar for you.', "Awesome place for lunch.\nThe food was delicious, the staff was really great, the location is excellent.\nIf you're in Pula, please visit Old City Bar - you won't be disappointed.", 'Food is excellent 😊 staff are super friendly and the atmosphere is great 🙋\u200d♀️🌸 and Spezial orders are no problem 😂😂 we tried nearly the whole Menü between all of us and we recommend it all', "The atmosphere and customer service is what brings us back over and over again, and the prices are good!  The Old City bar establishment is Top in the city. It's the place to go for the old city ambiance, your surrounded by history and a wonderful place for the weekend night out. Definitely, it's a must-see and do.", "Enjoyed the food here so much on my first night, that I came back on the final lunch before flying home.\n\nBoth times had the mixed meat platter, which was great value at €13.  It came with 5 types of meat, mixed vegetables, red onion and ajvar.  It doesn't come with any bread or potatoes, but those can be purchased as side dishes.\n\nGood service.  Quick and friendly.\n\nCredit cards are accepted.", 'Most unique bar in Pula. If you are heading out to get dinner drinks in a vibing place go here. Live DJ frequents here as well. Downside was that I got a warm beer 🍺', "It's hidden away and I didn't expect much but as soon as you enter the vibes are absolutely amazing, both in the outside area and the inside area have a great atmosphere. The staff at the bar was a bit slow with the drinks but they tasted good!", 'We had burgers and craft beer. They have many different craft beers. Burgers were delicious served with patatoes. Price is reasonable. Music was good.', 'Tasty afordable burger menus, I recommend taking Truffle Fries!', 'Great little bar. We just had a couple of drinks taking in the 1920,s vibe of "James Joyce". Not expensive. Bar staff helpful.', 'We came here to have a cocktail due to the good reviews. The cocktails are overpriced for the quality -quite watery, lack of main components (no Rhum in a Mai Tai...). Go somewhere else.', 'Ordered a wine, it came in a filthy cup with a small bug in it. Asked the waitress for another cup, she returned with the same filthy cup minus the bug. Would not recommend.', 'Mai Tai with no Rum..... Amaretto and ice....Negroni with no Gin..... Watered down vermouth and ice... yes literally....not just short on the measure ...\nAvoid at all cost if you like your cocktails', 'Good strong coffee, friendly service and great historical building', 'Unprofessional service, waited for my macchiato almost an hour while the owner yelled at people outside for no reason. When he was finished with yelling, he went inside and started drinking while on work. He said it helps with his liver problems. Horrible experience, stay away!', "For an order 32 Kn - barmen took 40 and didn't give change.\nDisappointing experience.", 'Good and strong cappuccino, but limited offering of beverages (not the same as advertised on the menu)', 'Best place in town, the owner is so friendly you won’t be able to get away without some amazing local advice or shots.\nClean toilets and comfy seats in the terras.', 'Great local bar in Center of Pula. Place For punkrockers, alternativa, reggae and similar fans. More than solid coffee and few different branda of istrian craft beer brands', 'Local bar/pub nice atmosphere :)', 'Cool place with great coffee in the city center. The waiters and waitresses were commited to great service and were very friendly!', 'Bad Cocktails and unpolite waitress. The good Reviews seems to bei Fake. I would Not recommend this place.', "Love it and only kids from 2008-2010 would know the Dalton's cartoon", 'Nice local bar with friendly staff, reasonably priced drinks', 'Has a pool table !!!', 'Local place. Beer is cheap enough. Couple of tables outside. Friendly service.', 'Ok', 'Super', 'Super!', 'They were not in the bar, but they lived in a neighboring house and every evening they listened to the lively conversations of local men. The atmosphere was to their liking and the cheerful hubbub did not stop until the knowledge.', 'Excellent bar, excellent waitresses and safe, to be commended, excellent prices. Good location, close to the ring road. Parking. A pleasant place for a quiet pizza. A local place with lots of famous people. I recommend it', 'Friendly staff. Nice place, good service. I recommend.', 'The owner and staff were very helpful and I felt comfortable', 'The perfekt place, good cocktails, fair prices! Love it! 😎🥂', 'A nice little beach bar by the Lukobran beach in Pjescana Uvala. You can order drinks, eat food and also rent chair for laying on the beach. Really enjoyed their service.', 'Great place for watching sunset! Best sangria in this area and super cheap! 1 liter is 75 kn, which is equivalent to one cocktail in the city on average. The beach is not dog friendly.', 'Great vibes, drinks, sunset views and music!', 'Great food with a pleasant atmosfere and friendly staff', 'The place has different owner now. They changed menu too. More local meat food. It is pity that they haven’t some fish in menu. Or such good beers as before. But the staff is very very kind. And the atmosphere with the olive trees is magic!', 'The first picture was taken 2 years ago. The 2. and 3. picture was taken today. Then, you got 5 burgers instead of 3 for same price(78kn) with a big slice of bacon...and you got a delicius potatoes. Now, you get a smaller and less good bread, with less bacon(almost none) less ingredients, and the french fries were cheapest frozen ,and terrible. It was a big disappointment for today.', "We've read about this place as being one of the top dining experiences Fažana has to offer, and being somewhat of burger enthusiasts, we were eager to pay them a visit, or maybe even a few during our stay. However, the experience was underwhelming.\nThe place itself is a few minutes' walk from the bustling town center, so it already has a nice calm vibe. Adding to that is that it has beautiful outside seating in a lovely unpretentious Mediterranean backyard, with plenty of space between tables. The background music playing was 80s Top 40. All these things show they do care about creating an ambiance, but let's also see about food, right?\nThey have a reasonably expansive drinks selection with an accent on, naturally, craft beers, both local and international. The burgers come in variety of Black Angus, local beef and boškarin patties, along with the regular accomplices of fries, onion rings, mozzarella sticks, etc., and if your date isn't into food all that much, there's salads.\nUnfortunately, one of our party has a diet restriction and is not allowed to have any dairy or soy in their food. We talked to the waitress, she was knowledgeable about which meals were made with these ingredients, and helpfully suggested a burger with lettuce instead of the bun, seeing the buns were made with milk. Having our order sorted with the helpful waitress, we were pretty excited about the food, as it was a long day and were really hungry. Though the place has only about a dozen tables, we waited for more than an hour to get our food. And, on the specially ordered non-dairy burger - a big slice of cheese proudly melting on the patty. Of course we complained, they apologized, but then again we had to wait for another 20 minutes to get the burger, with no lettuce 'buns' and practically no sides. We had our food, it tasted nice, but we were just not in the mood any more to enjoy it.\nThe dairy incident aside; it was a mistake, it can happen to everyone, we do not really hold it against the establishment; it still leaves the issue of very slow service. It seemed that the place was understaffed, and the long wait times were really diminishing the experience. Overall, this place does have great food, the atmosphere is wonderful and if they find a way to speed up the service, I'd be more than happy to upgrade the number of stars.", 'I visit this place a lot and Mr. Dominik always makes The most finger lickin, lip smakin, mouth waterin, coctails, so good make you wanna smack your mamma ribs', "we had a piece of aluminium foil in our 20€ drink. I don't have to say anything else ...", 'Great drinks and excellent coffee in amazing mugs .... Great staff and boss (they know why) 🥰', 'Nice place, but worst cocktails I ever tried.', 'Wonderful place, top coffee, great service... Karlovac was missing a place like this..', 'Super waiter and great atmosphere. You get a biscuit with the coffee and the waiter knows how to spin rounds. Top cafe.', 'A very nice cafe, the waiter is very polite, smiling and pleasant.', 'A pleasant bar with friendly staff right on the banks of the Kupa in the city center', 'Excelent food quality and prices are very reasonable, highly recommending. Best time to visit is around noon, not sure if all day same food avaliable as place is primary oriented to lunch brake for local customers. Unfortunately Sundays kitchen is closed but only coffy bar is open.', 'This is a nice restaurant for fast lunch. The food quolity is good. The portions are really big. It is good to share them.\nThe ambient is not so nice.\nService is slow, but acceptable.\nLocation is out of town, but there is enough parking space.', 'Perfect place in an old part of town, hidden behind Diocletian palace walls. Pizza is very tasty', 'Nice coffee', 'Best Irish pub in Sofia despite the strange access. Guinness & Kilkenny on tap, a large selection of bottled beers. Live music on weekly basis!', "We spend about 1 hour there as a group. Nice and cozy place. 0,5 bottle of beer was 5 BGN. It's optimal I think. If I will come Sofia again I definitely visit this place.", 'A decent Irish pub in the city center (at the end of the pedestrian street). Entrance is hard to find though, you have to walk through a doggy-looking door, and walk up one floor in a staircase. Nonetheless, the place is nice.', "I think this place is excellent for people who love going to pubs. Nice people, nice (sometimes live) music, nice drinks.\nCould be pretty crowded at times though.\nNot for you if you don't like noisy.", "The place has a great atmosphere, great beer and service. The food was kind of okay. We came for the fish and chips, as we thought it will be authentic. It was disappointing as it had bad smell like the fish wasn't fresh. Chicken wings were okay.", 'Great place, great food, and a great atmosphere. Also the best pint of Guinness in Bulgaria!\nI will be back soon and highly recommend a visit here !', 'Great food, service and atmosphere. Sundays at 4 pm open jam session.', 'Food:Tasty burger. First time eating veggie burger and it was good and cheaper than the normal burger with 2bgn differences.\nPrice: Reasonable. Because for 2 burger with French fries for each and 2 drinks we paid 52,50bgn which is 26,25€.\nFriendly staff and clean place. Thanks!', 'The perfect place to have few shots after long day or watch football', 'Great local pub!   A lot of character and characters!!', "If you're in the Vitosha/Botev vicinity and seeking a cute, quiet, off-piste bolthole for excellent coffee, drinks and service in a unique French-bar-style setting, this is a gem of a place that you'll return to again and again. Open from 8h for early birds!", 'Tasty breakfast ,good coffee , fast WiFi, kind service\nWhat else?', 'Very bad. Bunch of senior people of Bulgarian football union have been there. They have been drunk and loud. Very unpleasant. Yordan Lechkov, Borislav Mihaylov have been dancing on Preslava. Looks like more like a private club for the Bulgarian Football Union instead of public place to enjoy a good beer.', "OK bar, friendly staff.  Good Guinness!  Huge selection of spirits.  Definitely an ok bar in Sofia, when the little boy who thinks he is the owner, is not letting his mates kids use it as a playground with bikes and scooters.  The boy needs to wake up, stop ignoring customers, your mates won't keep you in business! A good bar being ruined by an idiot!", 'A really nice bar with unique atmosphere. It is made with taste and attention to detail. Once the finish the refurbishment it will be truly nice. A great choice of whiskeys is just adding to the overall experience. When I visited it was not crowded at all, but I assume it just need to gain a bit on popularity and a reservation in advance would be required to visit it.', 'A great bar, the staff is very friendly and the music is always good. Would definitely recommend it. One of the bars in Sofia we visit on a regular basis.', "Very nice place, good variety of craft beers, good price. Only bad thing is that promotion of local beers is not as it should (too low). Toiled requires more attention but for guy it's fine.", 'Hate places like this. Take advantage of tourists too embarrassed to say anything about being overcharged. Ordered 2 Guinness and when the bill came it was twice the price that was shown above the bar. Avoid.', 'Maybe it\'s just a coincidence and the quality is often better but yesterday night I got horrible food poisoning after eating what the waitress described as "Bulgarian kebab". I was constantly going to the toilet during the night and, apart from that, I still have not been able to leave my bed (it\'s 13.30). Beware.', 'Best place for a relaxing cold beer in Sofia!!!😎❤️🇧🇬🍺🍺🍺', 'Loved this place. Went to watch the RWC final. Staff really friendly and welcoming, but customers really friendly bunch as well. Had a great singer when I was there as well.\nIf I lived in Sofia this would be my local pub.', 'Very cozy bar. They often have quizz nights. Great location and atmosphere. Outstanding cocktails.', 'Just behind NDK, this bar has amazing and high quality cocktails.\nLoved the Violet vodka and piña colada.\nThe staff is friendly and the service is fast, even though the place tends to be as busy as it gets.\nThe bar itself is small, but has few outdoor seating. During quiz nights or live music it is harder to find a place.', 'Very happy atmosphere and good music! Guinnesss is top quality!', "It's self service. You can sit outside in small groups. Great selection of international beer (Irish, Belgian, German...) and a lot of other drinks, too.", 'Great Bar to sink a few beers. A good selection of German Lagers!\nHope to see some more Bulgarian craft beers in the future!', 'Good bar (but overcrowded), and a good set of foreign beers.', "Great variety of tap beers and also bottled ones. It's small, cozy, self service and in one of the best areas of the city. Would recommend to anyone.", "Nice sunny spot to have lunch with outdoor seating. Not many options for vegetarians/vegans but the food is good if you're looking for meet and cheese :)\n(English menu seems to not be up-to-date tho)\nThe beer selection could also be improved.\nService is fast.", 'Great place for lunch. They have a rotating menu. Not every day is the same ! When we went, we got the Greek moussaka which was lovely. Creme caramel for dessert was nice too.\n\nThey offer place to smoke cigs outside and their inside is nice and toasty', 'Unfortunately the principal is ignorant and rather unfriendly. Low command of the English language.\nThe food is ok. After dinner they did not accept the credit card and made us walk to an ATM to get cash. That is in 2023 rather an outdated standard.\nThe young lady working there did a good job.\nI wish the whole team all the best and hopefully kindness will lead this place in the near future.', 'Brilliant quiet warm evening in the garden of Kulata Put. The staff were very attentive and quick. The food was delicious! A lovely evening! Thank you!', "Came here because it was on the way back to the apartment we're staying at. Now probably going to be here every night while we're in Sofia.\nThe theme and decor (clue is in the name) has obviously had a lot of thought put into it. Atmosphere is lively but not so much that we can't relax. Music is great, staff are friendly and helpful. Oh, and there's beer.\nLiterally can't think of a bad thing to say.", 'I like the place. So clean. Have good variety. High level of hospitality. The interior design and style is so catchy. I love it. I just rested there for 15mins to grep cup of coffee but i feel they have good.', 'I very rarely review bars but felt inclined to review. Despite the biker appearance owner is very welcoming no matter who and will always accommodate. Cheap beers and great atmosphere.', 'Excellent people for a great time and good beer.\nVery good price also, I recommend getting a cigar next door and enjoy it with fresh beer and company', 'Great place for lunch / brunch / dinner. A big verity of beers , a beer tap on every table that you can use.\nThe service is absolutely amazing!\nI really recommend this place', "Very cool place. There are taps in walls from which you can pour beer crafted in restaurant. Menu contains quite simple food, ideal for watching football. Staff was very kind and proffesional. Can't complain about anything.", 'A place where you can pour your own beer, which I consider to be super cool! The beer was under average though, at least to me. What I really liked was the food though, I loved the chicken wings with their arab bread. The staff very nice and patient, speaks English. Also, there is payment by a card possible', 'Good beer, friendly staff and not so crowded when we visited the pub/restaurant a Friday afternoon. Recommendes if you like beer', 'What a top spot to enjoy you coffee or cocktail. It seemed like nothing less of an oasis in the city center of Sofia. Excellent service by the waiter. He was very pleasant and helpful. The garden was beautiful, clean, and high taste. Everything had "identity", which I highly seek for at a bar. Bravo Tobacco Bar, excellent.', 'Nice place located in a beautiful garden with a lovely ambience. The coffee is extremely normal. No Americano, just very small black coffee.', 'The place is located in a really beautiful garden with a quiet atmosphere. The coffee is tasty but the cappuccino was quite cold. Other than that, it was a nice place.', 'Delightful, quiet and romantic bar in a garden. Recommend for a date or quiet catch-up with friends in a stylish environment.', 'Amazing place :) nice person, nice music and perfect service. For sure I’m going to visit again:)\nP.S\nThe Bar is on the centre of city . There is a subway station near to it:):)', 'Very nice bar , food drinks 10\\10 , reservation is required to avoid waiting , , mostly people there are above 25', 'Sit outside and enjoy the view with a cocktail and nice service', 'Nice, dog friendly place, we had our Annual corgi Christmas party there ❤', 'Very rich assortment of beers. I was driving and had the best non alcoholic beer ever. The food is nice, quite happy with the service too.  Such a typical pub experience', 'Great pub in the city centre with a lot of beer choices. They have their own live beer, which has a really great taste. Perfect spot for watching your favourite football match with friends, cause there are a lot of televisions around the pub and most of the time there is more than one match going live on them.', "If you are in Sofia, and you'd like to watch a football match in a friendly environment, this is the perfect place.\nThe place is in the very centre of the city.\nYou can choose between several brands of beers although the food could be better...", 'Great place. Nice vibe. Food looks delicious. Coming back', 'Nice dark atmosphere with good funky music and cozy interior.\nThere is a nice selection of signature and classical cocktails. You can also ask for a bespoke cocktail or let the bartenders surprise you.\nThe staff are very friendly and welcoming.\nPlease note that this place serves only drinks so if you’re hungry it’s probably not the place for you.\nIn addition it is important to note that it is self-service.', 'Nice place, nice atmosphere, nice staff, basically all good. zero complain. We went for some drinks and we werent disappointed. Thanks to nikolai for the amazing whisky sour! 😀', 'All the cocktails we got were very tasty! I recommend "Lilly" (with the cucumber) which was mild but delicious! Interior was interesting and staff was friendly. Prices are reasonable for author\'s cocktails.\n\nHowever I must say, we visited on Sunday night and the place closed around 1am and not 2am as it\'s said on their working times. Probably they stay until 2am only on Fridays and Saturdays but that\'s a wild guess of mine. So keep that in mind when visiting.\n\nAnyways, keep up the good work!', 'The worst Margarita and service ever-the taste was awful and the glass- just ridiculous. After i returned the full glass of Margarita and i ordered a glass of wine,instead of offering the wine as compensation(as it should be),they made me pay it. I’m never coming back to this bar and i am very disappointed.', 'good place for play some games, and have a beer. no Windows though', 'Really nice, comfortable spot playing great music and serving good beer at a good price. Lots of bottled options.\nVery good pool table and balls (and excellent cues) for 2 lev. Full size snooker available too.', 'Super nice owners and bartenders, made me feel right home even though I’m just visiting. Great, open space and a spot where you can just grab a drink at the bar, play bar games, or just sit back and watch some soccer on one of the many TVs. Love this place!', "Smells like a basement.\nEven though there were max. 15 people inside the music was so loud we couldn't hear each other.\nDo not order Bloody Mary - they obviously don't know how to make cocktails. Mine was 99% tomato juice.", 'Nice place, good menu, Greek style promotions - ouzo with Greek salad, pizza, pasta etc.', 'The most tasty pizza 🍕 ever served! For sure the sauce was prepared in-house, when the order was received, can tell it from the fresh taste. Must try are the pizzas there, I recommend them.', 'May be one of the best places to go for a quick bite in Students town. Very good location with tables in open for a nice weather. Inside cosy, well furnished. Usually very tasty food, quick and polite service. Just the last time for lunch the steak was hard to chew, cold and tough. Aside of this I definitely recommend them ( in case they have not changed the owner or the cook). I prefer to think that last time it was just an exception.', 'Burger tasted terrible, but the other food was good and the waitress was quick with the service.', 'This is not a joke! Best toilet paper ever! I didn’t even need the restroom, but I’ve read a review and had to also say, wow! For sure the staff was amazing! Maggie was awesome! The beer was cold and delicious, and this was foreal an Irish pub! You know it’s good when the patrons are Irish! (I’m from the states/Latino). Watching soccer and hurling! Definitely come here for a real Irish pub experience.', "The smoothest, economical, dreamiest toilet paper a bar could ever present. If you are a connoisseur of toilet experiences, this is the place to be.\n\nEveryone had the experience of an upset stomach, with no proper release around. BUT NOT HERE! 5/5\n\nBesides this, the tap has a nice futuristic feature. Go see for yourself!\n\nMy first impression aside; the long island iced tea was the best we have encountered in Plovdiv so far. Prepared by very friendly, fun and charismatic bar personnel!\n\nP.S.: Don't be like the guy that walked in, used the toilet, and walked away without a thank you! ", 'Great choice of tap beers and good liquors. Nice atmosphere, good location,  fine the green shamrock ;)', 'They relocate recently and even had Kilkenny on tap! Good vibes and good , friendly locals and service. Recommended.', 'Bad smell, bad toilets, bad mood of the bartender. On the positive side, the bar design is nice, prices are ok. City center location.', 'It is a good bar and open at night. You can drink both local and international beers and cocktails.', 'Great Bar, nice drinks with reasonable prices. The bartender was kind and capable. They have big screen so you can watch your favourite sport events. Nice atmosphere and central location.', "If you're looking for a bar and a great view, you've come to the place. The menu is full of options from non-alcoholic beer to margaritas. The vintage rocker vibes definitely add to the experience. Staff is really welcoming and sweet.10/10 rating! I'm in love with this aesthetic.", "Absolutely briliant place. Combines football's fans culture and the rock from late 90's. The visitors are very diverse. It has a smokers room as well. Reasonably priced alcohol and friendly staff makes it one if the best places in Plovdiv for a night out.", 'If you want a rock pub this is exactly what this bar is. Good service, good food and good experience. The only thing that was a bit weird was that there was no ventilation at all and there was not enough air.', '🍺', 'Great bands performing in front of the pub - worth listening', "My visit to Morado Bar & Dinner in Plovdiv was a truly delightful experience. I started my meal with the Bulgarian clear chicken soup, which left a lasting impression. The portion was substantial, served hot, and exquisitely seasoned. It was a comforting and flavorsome choice, making for a light yet satisfying dinner.\n\nFor my main course, I opted for the mixed bruschetta, a trio featuring mozzarella, prosciutto, and salmon. Each bruschetta had its unique and delightful twist, offering a diverse range of flavors. The mozzarella was creamy, the prosciutto added a savory punch, and the salmon provided a refreshing seafood twist. It left me thoroughly content.\n\nThe ambience at Morado Bar & Dinner was enchanting, with a breathtaking view of the Singing Fountains Lake, which is the highlight of Tsar Simeon's Garden. The lounge bar's setting was truly wonderful, providing a picturesque backdrop for an exceptional dining experience.\n\nMorado Bar & Dinner not only impressed with its delectable food but also offered a scenic and serene musical atmosphere. It's a perfect choice for anyone looking to combine great cuisine with a stunning view in Plovdiv.", 'Absolutely disappointed. Beautiful place with really bad food. Everything is prepared much, much earlier, probably somewhere else, no spices, low quality products, and instant ingredients... Like mushroom sauce. Risotto??? Common rice without the salt and spices... But prices like for a good quality dinners ... PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE!! Very close you can find good street food with friendly service... But not here!!', "Food is really low quality, feels like they are using expired ingredients..\n\nService is really bad.\n\nThey don't take responsibility for the problems in the food and drinks.\n\nWould not recommend.", 'A wonderful pool view and a quiet environment. The food is of good quality. Ordering takes a little long. I advise', 'This place is located in an authentical building with beautiful artwork from outside of the building. It has nice and homy atmosphere. Beer selection is not great, but there are few interessting options. People are friendly.', 'The newest bar in Kapana with mostly local craft beers. Nice place and friendly service.', 'Nice selection of beers and good atmosphere, pleasant friendly staff. Great place for meeting friends for a catchup', 'I attended the opening night, it was full but surprisingly calm and pleasent. The beers are all local and range greatly in price and taste. Staff are all young and friendly people, very talkative and helpful. I highly recommend the place for a good summer night with beer or with drinks in general.', 'Really cool place. Plovdiv needed a rock bar like this (and thanks to it is a better city).', 'Don’t go there; At a concert a crazy guy attacked me, pulled my hair and threatened to punch me for no reason, the owner didn’t throw this trouble maker out, he acted like it’s no big deal. (Reason he told me the Amok guy knows many people) - probably didn’t want to loose a heavy drinking customer (seems more important than the safety of the guests) he was even allowed to continue drinking after this. Not a single security man was present although it was a concert, place full with people and heavy alcohol consumption.\nAvoid this place if you don’t want an experience like this for the aggressive trouble makers are apparently not banned from the place but always welcome and no one is there to hold them back.', 'The bar is smashing. Absolutely fantastic place which turns into a concert venue and provides great feelings for both bands and the fans. Drinks reasonably priced. Very friendly the staff.', 'Good location. Very good sound. Froyd/Zvezdolet/Pretty Bad concert was great. Inviting young trendy bands is an excellent idea.', 'Fresh atmosphere, positive staff and a good opportunity to unwind.\nI recommend the draft beer🍺', 'Super nice new place.\nFresh lemonades, fresh and a wide selection of beers.\nI recommend!', 'Very nice place. The bartender is very smiling and kind. I recommend!', 'Very cool place. I highly recommend!', 'Wanted to find a good coffee place and found this lovely little bar. It ia selfservice and and has various choices on the menu. Coffee is not so great. I would expect more options according to google advice but definitely not a bad find. It is super cute. Recommended.', 'Great food - reasonable prices, there are enough options on the menu (everything we tried tasted amazing).\nGreat service, very nice location', "I've been to so many bars in Bulgaria but most waiters hardly speak English and are often not nice. The main waitres Anelia speaks English really well and is really nice. The bar is really nice too.", 'Great bar and great beer. The highlight of the evening was Anelia, a wonderful barmaid and a great host. And a geography expert.', 'A very nice & cozy bar with a warm welcoming atmosphere.\nIt offers live performances, along with a rich bar & reasonable prices.\nOn the weekends it may be extremely crowded, especially after 9 P.M.', "The breakfast was nice, but the girls serving was so bad. We ask about the bill 3 times and after more then 30min when we went to them cause they didn't come, they were just laughing about us. To looking good is not everything you should take care if you hire a server.", 'The food tasted ok, but it would have been a better experience if we got it simultaneously for all 6 people and if it was warmer. Service is not good at all. We even got the wrong dish. Prices are ok. We have received much better service and better food at other restaurants in Varna.', 'Ordered egg an bacon, took about 25 minutes and then it was cold on arrival. It had obvisioly been standing for a long time in the kitchen without being picked up. No apologies or offer to fix a new dish so we left.', 'Situated in the basement of building from the end of the 19th century, Three Lions Pub offers cozy atmosphere and wide selection of craft beers on tap and bottles. Good food on very reasonable prices. Seats in open garden also available. Only cash accepted. Highly recommended and worthy to visit.', 'Love this place!   Full of friendly locals.  Simple (Bulgarian) food menu and a fantastic beer list including Bulgarian and foreign beer at great prices.', "Fantastic staff and great food. Definitely come here when you're in Varna.", 'Excellent pub.  Went there for Champions League final.  Fantastic service and food.  Had breaded cheese sticks and chips - proper home made wedgy chips.  🙂', 'Nice place to drink Irish whiskey and listen to old school Rock', 'Perfect for football/sports watching, wide variety of beer brands, nice staff, nice prices. Totally recommended!', 'Great atmosphere. Very cozy rock bar!', 'perfect rock bar', 'Outside view of the place Soho!', 'Very nice place with great choice of hot drinks and beers, friendly service.', 'Good German beer. Friendly service. Highly recommended place!', 'Really authentic bulgarian local with friendly stuff and nice atmosphere.', 'I quite liked it. Immediately after I entered I was welcomed and had a beer in my hand. The food was very tasty.\nThey had a range of 5 or 6 beers on tap. I tried 3 different beers. The bartender provided information about each one and made suggestions. Each time spot on. :)', 'Awesome place. Weather turned bad last night and the bartender was super nice and kept doors open until it was safe to go.\n\nFood was awesome and beer even better. I had a great time!', "Didn't have food but the Irish Red Ale on tap was fantastic.  Service and music good.  Good place for craft ale.", "Visited yesterday with friends from Sweden. Tasty craft beers on 5 taps, relaxed atmosphere and good food to keep them company. The pork ribs were a delight. I'd recommend the place to anyone who would like to sink in the spirit of central Varna and has an interest in craft beer culture.", 'Simply the best, coziest place in the city. They serve a local draft Glarus pale ale, which is beyond good. The menu is great, plenty to choose from and it keeps growing. Good service, live music and a basement with roman walls that are 2000 years old!', 'Went for coffee and was so happy to find out they are serving my favorite freshly roasted Coffee in Varna - Caffetteria DIO - Пекарна за кафе DIO!!! Every business that works with other local businesses gets my vote! Service was friendly and positive. Highly recommend', 'A very relaxing place in varna. Downstairs the feeling is amazing. Old stones and antic structure make visitors feel to be in an old castle. The workers are friendly and the food is delicious. Good selections of beers and drink. Every night different experience. Tuesday tango, Wednesday karaoke and week end alive music. A must to visit for night experience in the beautiful Varna.', 'Very nice place with professionally team serving good quality stuff... Price are on medium level. Not to much space insie but thanks to that place have very nice atmosphere, not to many people also... there is posibility to take outside sits next to wide window, then you do not need to go inside to order somthing, you can do it strait away via open window...\nVery nice place to visit. I can recomend.\nupdate...\nI was not aware about space you have below...\nnext time when I will visit your place I will check it for sure... ;)', 'Pleasant Wo calm atmosphere. I was very pleasantly surprised at how affordable the prices were. I hope the place retains its charm.', 'A quiet place to drink coffee and meet friends.', 'The place is great. On the navel of Varna, calm, light pleasant music...', 'A very nice place! Very nice service!', 'Nice beer, nice kitchen, nice staff, nice atmosphere. I think this is still part of the hotel tho cuz the staff seems to wear the hotel uniform.\nI definitely recommend the place', 'Very nice restaurant with kind and friendly staff. Good cuisine. Cozy atmosphere. Sometimes the service is a bit slow even when there are almost no customers.', "We were there before and everything was perfect. Now the menu is changed the prices are very high and the food is not that tasty as it was before. Don't go there", 'Very delicious', 'Me and my friends love to share time at Loop bar which has a perfect central location. Very friendly environment and staff. Good for chat and for having fun as well. Highly recommended!!!!', 'I wish I had more time in Varna to go there again! Great customer service and the best people in Varna! Highly suggested for Solo Traveler', 'Wonderful place for a coffee and relax  located in the center of the city, very nice people and  service .I like it and I will definitely recommend it to my friends.', 'Best place for coffee in Varna. Perfect location, very friendly staff and delicious coffee.', 'Nice place. Good music, great craft beer. Good recommendations from staff. Not sure if they serve food but beer selection is good.', 'We had an amazing time with my friends there, absolutely love the vibe and the craft beer called "lady lust" which I find as an analogy to the "scarlet woman". The owner is super friendly and let\'s us play music when it gets a bit late, definitely recommend if you are looking for a chill night!', "I recently had the pleasure of visiting a craft beer bar that left an indelible mark on my taste buds and heart. The combination of a knowledgeable owner, prime location, exceptional beer selection, and an incredible weekend atmosphere made this establishment stand out above the rest.\n\nFrom the moment I walked through the door, I was greeted warmly by the owner, who exuded a passion for craft beer that was infectious. Their enthusiasm was matched only by their vast knowledge of different beer styles, brewing techniques, and the stories behind the local and international breweries represented on the menu. The owner's genuine desire to share their expertise with patrons created an inviting and educational experience, especially for craft beer enthusiasts like myself.\n\nSituated in a great location, the craft beer bar perfectly captures the essence of its surroundings. Whether you're seeking a cozy spot to unwind after work or a lively atmosphere to kick-start your weekend, this place has it all. The bar's strategic placement allows for ample natural light during the day, while the warm glow of dimmed lights creates an intimate ambiance in the evening. The comfortable seating arrangements and tasteful decor contribute to an overall inviting and relaxed setting.\n\nThe selection of craft beers available at this establishment is second to none. With an extensive array of brews on tap and an eclectic assortment of bottled offerings, even the most discerning beer enthusiasts will find something to satisfy their taste buds. From hoppy IPAs to rich stouts, crisp lagers to fruity sours, each beer I sampled was served with care and attention to detail. The bar's commitment to supporting local breweries and showcasing lesser-known gems from around the world was truly commendable.\n\nThe weekend atmosphere at this craft beer bar is nothing short of amazing. The energy is palpable as patrons gather to enjoy live music, trivia nights, or simply unwind with friends over a pint. The bar's staff members go above and beyond to create a vibrant and inclusive community, fostering an environment where strangers can become friends through their shared love for craft beer. The jovial conversations, laughter, and overall positive vibes contribute to an unforgettable experience.\n\nIn conclusion, this craft beer bar is a hidden gem that offers so much more than just a wide selection of exceptional brews. The combination of a knowledgeable owner, prime location, diverse beer options, and an engaging weekend atmosphere creates an experience that is both memorable and enjoyable. Whether you're a craft beer connoisseur or someone looking to embark on a beer-tasting adventure, this bar is a must-visit destination that will leave you with a newfound appreciation for the art of brewing.", 'The place offers you a huge variety of beers, the owner is amazingly friendly. Don’t miss this place \U0001faf6❤️', 'If I could I would leave minus 5 to this bar. The coffeee I ordered not only was tasteless, but the customer service was also disgusting. Having paid for my coffee somewhat more than £4 I expected it would at least smellt coffee, but it smelt like slops instead. Avoid by any means!!!!!', 'Absolutely spot on.  Fresh ham and cheese chabatta sandwich . So friendly and polite staff. Svetlana is a STAR...   Thank you .', "Prices are a joke, but the worst part was that I bought something from their baked food and there was mold on it... when I tried to notify them, they told me that's not mold, even though it was blue/green colour. It seems that the baked stuff they sell are not fresh and probably few days old. Do not recommend.", 'Incredible employees, I will visit again', 'Great and cosy place for having a drink from fine selected spirits or just to enjoy meal with a friend. Friendly staff and nice welcoming atmosphere.', 'Great place with wonderful staff and the most unique cocktails and food', 'The place was good food is delicious and the oficiant is talking in english', 'Great food and amazing cocktails! 💙💙💙', 'Nice place, always full of people.', 'Cool.. !', 'Young people are going there.', 'Nice place to go.', "I'm from Ireland and my visit here was disappointing. The water was very unfriendly and if you are seeking an authentic Irish pub experience then you should look elsewhere.", 'Good draft beer, but unfortunately, it was fully booked even though I stayed 2 hours on an uncomfortable chair, and some tables were empty.', 'Did not try food, but the atmosphere was great.', 'Excellent meal, excellent service, excellent location. Excellent breakfast Visit East Sarajevo', 'Good place to get drink and enjoy bascarsija. Draft large Bosnian beer is 5 BKM. This place has also beatiful clock tower view.', "Very cool, small wine bar. Great courtyard to face when sat outside. We went too early to get snacks as he gets them from an Irish Pub nearby that wasn't open yet. The wine was delicious, the toilet was amazingly small, and we would certainly visit again!", 'Really nice place, good atmosphere. The barman was really friendly and servicial. 🇦🇷\U0001fa75', 'Non smoking bar, what is a rarity in Sarajevo! They make nice cocktails, relatively cheap. Nice ambiance, cosy. They also seem to have good wines.', 'Amazing pub in the old town of Sarajevo.  Very modern. Great cocktails for cheap prices. The staff were quick at making our drinks.', 'Good place at any day of the week. It becomes full very fast. But you can find place anyway.\nBig variety of cocktails, beers and nice music choice. That’s what makes my decision to return here. Oh and great interior design 👌🏻', 'Adam, our server, was such a pleasure to have had as a server.  He was more than hospitable and so pleasant and accommodating of our needs.  Adam even left the bar to acquire a drink that our party requested that was not available at the pub.  Service above and beyond and food was very good!  Highly recommend. Three of us dined and wined for 75 marks.', 'Nice bar, but 95% of the tables outside were reserved. We were able to find one free table, sat there for an hour (maybe even more) and noticed that no one came to their reserved tables. Weird. Beside that, Mohito was nice (a bit strong) and affordable!', 'Ok', 'Good time!', 'Lots of different beers. Inexpensive pub and polite staff. Jukebox', 'Great place for a beer and food music.', 'Very nice place with a good service . Specially good to watch sport games , football, basketball, tennis etc. Bartenders are very kind and nice !', "It's a betting place with electronic betting machines and a pub. So, you spend double the money, half betting, half drinking. Nicely arranged, new quality betting machines, they just beg you to spend, spend, spend. Drinks are on the above average pricing side so you're going home from there with empty pockets one way or the other.😄 Well, you'll get one complimentary drink so, there's that.", 'Great food and atmosphere. Affordable prices.\n👍👍👍👍👍', 'Great food, friendly environment. Best place to watch sports in good company in a warm environment.\nIf you are into sports and food you will feel home', "They told us we can pay by card but in the end we could only pay in cash. At least it's one of the few places offering cocktails (apparently it's not a thing in Bosnia), which are good and cheap.", 'Great place to have a couple of nice drops,  and specific interior supported with the best selection of house music.\n\nSuperb choice of spirits, beers, coctails and coffee bevs.\n\nIn the heart of downtown.', "Luv' this place. Aromatic atmosphere...", 'The only Hogwarts-thing is the sign.\nNothing special. The cocktails are good but just normal cocktails.', 'Great place for all types of people, offers a variety of entertainment programs, great music and friendly staff.', 'Nice pub with lot of space, Not expensive, friendly staff, there was some good techno music when i was there with à Nice sound system !', "Everything was amazing. Absolutely amazing. I think it's self explanatory", 'Casual place to have a beer in the afternoon and superb to hang out with friends in the night time... Love it', "Great shakes, teas, and there's also lemonade or squeezed orange with aloe. Perfect, and great that we have something like that here! ", 'Great place, all praise...Very tasty shakes :)', 'Very nice. 😀😀😀\nI have never tried anything better 😍', 'Something new in town, a large selection, all praises', 'What they consider regular ice cream (sladoled) is actually Gelato. 3 coffees ☕ and double scoop Gelatos about $8.00', 'The service was okay. Coffee was good. The atmosphere was a little stiff. Could be better', 'Tasty ice cream and very friendly waiter. We will come here again', 'Cosy eatery coffee house and bar located in banjaluka Town centre...staff multilingual and friendly...very popular for cake eaters..', 'Ok', 'Best place to go out with friends', 'great place to relax and play pool', 'Good people good music good time', 'Great music and atmosphere, very pleasant place', 'A good place to enjoy for all generations who like rock and socializing, if you are alone there, it will be nice with a coffee or some other drink. The service is also friendly', 'Top place! 👏', 'Excellent service, all recommendations!', 'Extra', 'Nice interior and cheap but good beer.', 'Nice relaxing place, keep doing job.', 'Relaxing and peaceful small pub', 'I enjoyed that place during my visit to Mostar.', 'Great place, great vibes.', "Although on a great location and with a great stuff, it needs just a bit of professional designer's hand in decorating place. Place does not follow one design language and to my inner OCD person that's a minus.", 'Good location, service is decent. Your typical neighborhood café. Their main asset is the terrace, quite enjoyable in the warm months.', 'I love this place.  This is my second night here, not my last.  As an American that LOVES hoppy clean beers, this is the place.  My favorite is their draft Cooltura Craft Pivo.  I can’t get enough of it!  Hoppy, clean, refreshing, and .5L for about $2.30 USD, can’t beat it.\n\nHvala!', 'Domestic craft beer, nice and relax place', 'Great selection of local craft beer. Would recommend', "I love this pub, it's so lively yet so chilled. They have the best selection of craft beers for sure!!! Coffee too is fantastic there! Atmosphere is always great, fantastic seating outdoors and modern but cosy ambiance indoors. You can chill out while watching the world go by... Highly recommend!!!", 'Its a nice local pub, simple and good, nice beer and price.\nFriendly staff, not so good englis but they still help u as much they can.\nNo fod so minus 1 star', 'Really nice place. Good choice of drinks. Nice music. Beautiful interior. Polite staff. I loved it. 100% recommend.', "Awasome atmosphere, big range of drinks and best crew. If u're in Mostar, this is a must place to visit!", 'Over 100 beers on menu, is one good reason to visiti this place if you love beet of course 🍺🍻', 'Such an imaginative place. 😍 We enjoyed every second we spent here. This is a place for every hedonist. Food is more than excelent, the enviroment is so imaginative and creatively made and the staff is "first class"👌👍\nSo next time you visit Mostar this should be your "must visit" station. Order a burger and a beer, listen to Eric Clapton in the background and just relaaaaxxxx...', 'Very nice place. Good food, great service', "Food quality varies, as well as the service. Many beers from the menu weren't available, and the food offer is shorter than before.", 'Super food and lovely ambience....cool place', 'Best place in town make sure to stop by amazing people and atmosphere', 'Very cozy place, cool and courteous staff, nice music and great location!!!', 'Great place, great owner, fantastic local bear!', 'Very nice.', '', '', '', '', "Nice and cosy place for a cup of coffee. The owner is really charismatic and polite. The inner space looks really retro like at grandma's house. Beautiful!", 'Best place to feel  orginal  mostars spirit of "liska" and "žuga" tradisjon.Owner Mance is man with very colourfull and orginal personality  . He will serve you drink but in the same time  he will serve you typical local mostar  fun history😉😎😃😃', 'Đet Set has a very charismatic owner. Of you want get some local jokes it is a place to visit. The interior is interesting with a loacl and traditional touch.', 'Great place for coffee or beer :)', 'Amazing small craft beer bar with own-brewed beer as well as some others from BiH and beyond. They also have delicious snacks to go with the beer. The staff is super friendly and welcoming. I wish I had something like this back home!', 'Great beer garden with lots of craft beer available. Good varieties available in the bottles to take away. Very nice and friendly staff. Cool music inside 🤘', 'Yes! Awesome find in Mostar! Delicious, fresh, local beers, welcoming venue, good music and the opportunity to chat with the owner (and hang out with Bella, his pupster!) to learn more about his story and what inspired him to make such great beers.\n\nWe tried the American Pale, Bourbon Vanilla Porter and RIS and got some takeaways to enjoy as well.\n\nCan’t recommend a stop by here more, especially if you live a good beer.', "A nice twist on an Irish Stout! Good music. Nice view. Didn't try the food but drinks were good and reasonably priced", 'Huge patio with fun staff and occasional live music by a one-man-band playing Bosnian and Croatian pop songs from the 90s. I enjoyed a half-pint of Tuzlanski pils from a freshly tapped keg. If this sounds like something you wanna do, make sure to ask for the "unfiltered" variant, you won\'t regret it.', 'Delightful place, greate atmosphere. It has game room with pool, darts and many other social games.', 'Live music with evergreen hits till 11 PM. Recomendation drink is unfiltered beer from local brewery.', 'The place is cool. Its a Pub with a often played live music. Excellet food, and very good atmosphere, different kind of beers and nice view on the city park.', 'Friendly staff and music from the 80s, what could be better?', 'Ex yu music, good beer and pleasant atmosphere', 'A pleasant place to hang out with bikers!!😊👍', 'The coffee is excellent', 'I visited this restaurant a few days ago, and I could clearly notice that the staff is extremely unoriented and disorganized. It took the waiter about 15 minutes to take our order, the food arrived after a 30 minute wait, and the contents of the plate were cold. On that occasion, the waiter forgot to bring the cutlery and the fiscal receipt. The food was decent portions with prices that do not match the quality of the food.', 'the pub is surpassed with the facility but only the chairs urge you to go. the pizza was too much dough but not delicious. it was very cozy and the people were friendly my favorite pub in tuzla', 'Food was great before and it was also quite affordable, considering the quality. Now, prices have surged and the food quality is at the all time low. Not to mention terrible delivery service, where in some cases you would wait for two hours for your order to come.', 'A great place to meet family and friends, everyone is friendly and the atmosphere is really cool.', "I visited this place two times. Music was nice, live gig. First time I ate tono pizza and it was great (recommend it!)\nBut second time I ordered chicken ribs and they were uncooked, greasy and meat smelled strange.\nMy Guinness also wasn't strong as a real one, don't know where's the catch but for sure that wasn't real thing.\nWhen I point out this to waiter he didn't even apologize or smth.\nThey are new and I hope they will improve in the future!", 'We really love food here! :) Also, there is live music very often. :) Great beer selection, though a little bit pricey.', 'Food and service were good. They also boxed up the extra and added a few wedges to enjoy with it later. Will be coming back.', 'Nardi pub (ex City Pub) great place to visit, drink Chech beer and domestic beers with great food and live music. Strongly recommended if you are going to spend night out ib Tuzla.', 'Great place for work and hangout\nThumbs Up', 'An excellent coffee bar, in an extra location with friendly staff. All recommendations. They have the best coffee in town', 'concrete', 'Real cash', 'The best', 'Super', 'Very nice place', 'ok', 'Best pub in Sarajevo for foreigners! A lot of different beer from around the world + local breweries. Nice local music creating unique atmosphere. And its opened until 2 AM during the business days when everything around is already closed.', "If you're coming from abroad and are looking for a place where you can drink with your buddies, I can't recommend Celtic enough.\n\nEverything from the atmosphere to the drink selection is amazing. The bar is tucked away in a corner and is a bit hard to find, but when you get here I promise you won't be disappointed.\nSeating is mostly high chairs and tables with a few lower tables with joined seats. They have inside aswell as outside seating so they offer a lot on that front.\n\nThey offer food that goes well with any drink you get and might I also add. The pricing is reasonably cheap.\n\nFully recommend you visit, you'll have a great time be it with friends or alone.", "Good service and attentive.\nSmokers bar, which was a bit much at times.\nFood smelled good and prices were cheap, but I didn't try.\nBeers were average priced, but could use a better tap selection", 'Not the most welcoming of bars with the member of staff being fairly grumpy. It’s also located down the end of the side street, so there’s little action but does keep the outdoor seating a more peaceful retreat. There’s some good music to create an atmosphere and it’s one of the few places to accept card payment. Good range of drinks and decent prices mean it’s alright and worth visiting if you want an escape from the hustle and bustle of nearby tourist spots.', 'Great place to meet with friends. Pool table, darts, outside seating. Tucked away from street noise. Will have to try the food next time.', 'I just left the bar. Will be back again and again. The bartenders were excellent and the beer just the right temperature. They have a few local beers I have to try. So no question about going back 😕', 'Piece of a dime, perfect place!', 'It was funny. Beers are good.', 'If you fancy beer and in Sarajevo - this is definitely the place to be. A short taxi drive out of the city you’ll find this place with lots of beer on tap, and even more bottled. Really stands out in Bosnia.', 'The best beer selection , best pub in the country.\n\n🍺🍻🍺', 'One of the best pubs in the city. Great selection of beers and a nice atmosphere.', 'Awesome place where you can enjoy each season of the year differently.\nThe pub is decorated with scarfs mostly from football clubs (from all over the world) and offers really big list of beers and here i will add the fact that you can drink craft beer which is only served in Asterix pub.\nDesigned in a pure hooligan style mixed with irish and british pubs atmosphere with really moderate prices is a must visit.\nNice and cozy place where you can bring friends and family, play billiards or darts and mostly enjoy beer.', 'Good food nice restaurant good burger good location', 'The place is really nice, something different and made with a lot of passion. Food and service were great! Totally recommend!', 'This is one of those places that could fit in every town in the world, great and detailed ambient with delicious hamburgers and various beers. Highly recommend.', 'Great pub with rich beer menu, delicious grill and happy hours!!', 'Nice pub, beautiful staff, good beer.', 'Great place, there is a lot of beer going on and fast, but sincerely not an every day place like everything else in Sarajevo! Definitely going back.', 'Meh. Nothing to draw in anyone here really. Just a fairly bland bar from what I can gather from my short visit.', 'Drinks were very good. the waiter was very interested and helped us.', 'Two locations next to each other: a pub and a restaurant. Very nice service, very cool location. You can order pizza also in the pub. Really huge screen to see the soccer games.', "Nice pub in the town center. It's nicely decorated and seems very popular. However, beer selection is rather limited.", 'Wishing the music was more chill.', 'Poor choice of beer and catastrophic selection of music. Staff also rather unpleasant.', 'Excellent music, friendly staff, great food. Definitely would recommend.', 'The pub features a small interior with a large outdoor patio. The selection of beer is nothing to brag about but their food is tasty and their prices attractive. Try the English breakfast.', 'Nice place, good music, friendly staff...', 'An awesome place with lots of meals and drinks.\n5/5', '', 'Top place to sit with Raj, Kudos to the Staff. (Cuba) brother...', "April, 19th, 2023 at 11:00 a.m\nA great place to relax with great music with a coffee or drink, as well as for an evening out.\nWhile I was sitting there was playing an old good music such as...\nBilly Joel - The River of Dreams,\nPet Shop Boys - It's A Son\nTina Turner - I Don't Wanna Lose You.\nU2 - The One\nMadonna - Like a virgin.\nThe staff is very friendly and professional.\n\n19.04.2023. 11:00 a.m\nA great place to rest with great music with coffee or a drink, as well as for an evening out.\nWhile I was sitting, light old good music was playing, such as...\nBilly Joel - The River of Dreams,\nPet Shop Boys - It's A Son\nTina Turner - I Don't Wanna Lose You.\nU2 - The One\nMadonna - Like a virgin.\nThe staff is very friendly and professional.", '', '', 'Very good place, clean seats, bar, toilet and outside area. Also very good and fast service', 'There aren\'t that many bars that I love to come back to but this one sure is one.\n\nThe atmosphere, the decoration, oh boy are you in for a treat. I really love this bar because it has such a nice dim light, wooden walls and seating, home-striking music. It. Has. Everything.\n\nBut I must add that it is a little bit cramped although it isn\'t that much of a problem, you can still walk around fine.\n\nAll in all I would recommend visiting especially if you like "narodna muzika".', 'If you come to Sarajevo, Ilidža, and you want to enjoy beer and have fun, you should come to "The Pub". The music is great, the service is friendly. Place has an old pub looking style. Definitely 5 stars from me.', "It's not bad place but its not my favorite either...", "As if you where in some kind of Chears version of caffe...or better said neugbhourd caffe, neighbourhood of 3 building's. In first one are all forigners in second is businesses (it workers, military, local businesses) and third one... locals which families are in half mile for hundreds of years..Viking have conquered Sarajevo, and Sarajevo love Vikings...where you can drink all sorts of whisky and 🍺 Play games with cards, chess or domino...very very strange caffe in old part of city with probable one of the best gardens for golden hour photo's", 'Located near Old Town, just along the south side of the river you can easily find this very cool place to have a few craft beers. Or maybe some soda\'s, cocktails or shots... I actually don\'t know about that as I only had some beers but other people seemed to enjoy the other drinks as well. There are 3 drafts and two fully stocked fridges with a good variation of beers. There\'s a steady supply of new and fresh beers from a few very fine (some a bit experimental) breweries in the region so there\'s always something new to try. The atmosphere is nice, open and friendly. One little warning though... There is only one toilet so if its crowded you might have to wait a bit for that. As the bar is called "Viking" the interior is slightly themed. Some shields, (fake) torches and just a few other paraphernalia give it a nice vibe without being excessive. You can sit inside, at the bar or out on the porch. Wichever you prefer. We missed the (monthly?) karaoke while we were in town. Maybe that was for the best (for both parties 😅). Anyway... Long story short... I liked this place very much. (been here 16th and 17th of June, 2023)', "Location close to Bascarsija, viking themed bar, good offer of local craft beers. The problem was they don't take euros and they don't have terminal to pay with card. Beside that the weitres gave us wrong directions for cash machine and we lost 45 minutes.", 'Great experience! Staff are really friendly, knowledgeable and willing to help you pick beers you will enjoy. Beers were good and well priced with happy hour. Cool decorations to make it Viking theme.', "The Pub is the Best local Pub in town, for sure. Food is good, service, and the atmosphere is amazing. Sit in shade under the oak trees, the terrace is huge, music is top, limitless 5G internet.. If you don't cone to visit, you'd never know.", 'Great place on a Saturday night. Usually has great live music, pop rock, rock, Yugo rock, and sometimes jazz. It has a garden in front where they also do barbecues in the summer on Sundays. The only problem is the smoke - like every cafe/pub in Sarajevo, smoking is allowed and after some time, you eyes may start to water from the haze.', 'Beautiful pub. During summer,  you can sit outside. The food is from a pizzeria close by.\nLovely staff.', 'all recommendations for drinking with company. All drinks are billed, so there is no need to worry if the waiter will charge more if you are a foreigner', 'The pub is excellent, the waiter with glasses and canola is even better, the best coffee in town.', "I haven't been more positively surprised in a long time. Great pub, highly recommended", 'All good !', 'A restaurant to be praised!!!', "We tried to come here a couple of times, as it is always busy! I think you're going to need to make a reservation.\nWe didn't try the food, but it looked good.\nWe stayed for the beer and had a bottle of Vucko.\nI didn't like that you can smoke inside, which made the atmosphere a little uncomfortable.", 'Nice beer, beautiful design, especially for WO 84 lovers. Not to mention the amazing ex yu music in the background.', 'Nice place with good beer and big variety of food. The music was a little too loud so it was hard to talk. Kind staff. Worth to visit if u are in sarajewo', 'Many beers and nice burgers. Staff was rude and not accommodating. No English menus, service only when waiving over staff multiple times, toilets were dirty. Would not recommend as a tourist, maybe nice for locals?', 'The location is awesome, and the place has a nice atmosphere. Great cocktails and beer. Amazing food.', 'I added up all of the bills my table had and it was 75KM, unfortunately my friend went to pay while I went out and the waiter charged her 85KM, even though she said she told him it’s 75KM but he wouldn’t return her change correctly. It’s a shame because I really love this place, but this kind of stuff makes me not want to come back.', 'Food is fantastic! Staff is very friendly.\nOnce again, food is fantastic! Wow how delicious all we tried; wok, pasta, chicken plate and chicken burger ( such a cool bread!) Love it, highly recommend to everyone ✌🏼', 'Happy hour is great.And burgers are so tasty.', 'I had a wonderful tomato soup with mozzarella. The place was a little it under construction but there are some safety issues in my opinion.\nThe terrace is beautiful.', 'DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!! The Nachos were something i have never seen and nowhere near Nachos. The BBQ chicken wings were not actual BBQ wings, but instead dodgy small wings with a side of salsa. The donuts were not donuts but literally Churros. SO DISSAPOINTING', "Doesn't look like much, but it packs a punch. Good food and drink menu. Try The Dubliner Whiskey in the Londoner PUB, It'll be worth your while.", "Excellent English style pub in downtown Sarajevo.\nFresh oven baked home made pretzels free of charge.\nExcellent local and import beer available on tap and in bottles.\nFood available too but I didn't try any but it looked top notch.\nsuper friendly English speaking staff.\nFree wi-fi and excellent outdoor terrace that is surrounded by other bars and terraces.\nOne block south of the BBI Center.\nHighly recommended.", "We were there twice during our stay in Sarajevo. Once during daytime and once in the evening 'till closing time.\n\nDuring the day there were only a few other customers but the atmosphere was very nice and friendly. The waiter was a bit weird but also a funny and very friendly guy. He even mixed us a drink, that wasn't on the menu, after we explained it to him and the price was ok.\n\nAt nighttime it was packed. It was Ex-Yu Rock night and a cover band called DerneX was playing. The atmosphere was amazing and the staff had all hands on deck to keep up with the orders. But they did a great job. Same goes for the band. The prices were a bit higher because of the live music, but it was totally worth it. My recommendation would be to inform yourself when there's live music and to then plan your visit accordingly.", 'Amazing local pub in Sarajevo old bazaar. They have live music. The prices are great .', 'Good music but they charged us %25 percent more. What they say is prices are changed. As you can see at the menu and receipt. But music was great', 'The pub is awesome. Every time I’m in Sarajevo I visit it. The atmosphere, the music, the service. I wasn’t hungry but I wanted something light but tasty. The waiter took me to the kitchen to explain to the the chef what I needed. Everyone is just extraordinary to make you feel great. The only thing I’m not a fan of is smoking inside. Smoking inside made me leave the pub early although I’ve had a wonderful time😀', 'Great place for pool', 'One of best places to play snooker. The waiter scammed me and my friends for 23KM and that was 57.5% of out total reciept. Review by sarajevofood2021', 'Nice place, kind presonel', 'Great pub especially if you are a snooker and billiard fan. Polite service and cozy enviroment makes you want to stay longer', 'I had the best time in this bar. Friendly bartenders and waiters. The Dj. was a good entertainer as well. I traveled alone and met couples of nice people from there. As a girl who travels alone , I highly recommended. For the toilet matter, I understand the other reviews that complain about it. But on another hand, the guy is doing his job well. The toilet is well kept. Yet, you get what you paid for.', 'You and your manager who washes glasses and is meant only for that kindly mind your own business. We paid the bill in total and only to expect the waitor being racist and disrespect us saying that we get out and he doesn’t want us any more of us. Im\nDefinitely sure we gave him much more business and respect over the 3+ hrs spent there. Never disrespected any of the staff there. Definitely understand why you guys do not make similar business like dellirium. I have added the image of the person who is the reason for loss in your business.', 'Weird rule of min ordering 15 to pay by card!\nNot very friendly\nNot open to discuss\nTypical beers; not sure why such a high score, except for the location.', "Nice large pub and has a seating area outside.\n\nOur initial friendly waiter brought the drinks. Only then did he tell us that they have a limit and you need to order over 15 euros to make a card payment.\n\nAfter resolving that issue the 2nd waiter wasn't friendly and curt.\n\nSo mixed.", 'Nice place to go out as a bar, cool music cozy atmosphere. Prices are decent and wine and cava are really good', 'Great for a decent Irish breakfast and a pint of Guinness. Decent atmosphere and outside seating area', "Nice place for a good beer! And thanks to the very kind and helpful staff who served us a good local beer (tripel d'anvers) and gave us the very nice glass as present!", 'Great place for food and the staff were very friendly. Met the owner Tony very friendly chap.', 'Very lovely place with great live music that keeps on going after midnight which you won’t find that frequently in Antwerp, this is what makes this place a rare gam. You can also dance here and have a lot of nice drinks. Staff is very accommodating to your needs and very friendly', 'Friday night, live music, freat fun, irish singer was rocking, while drunk flamish and few tourists were dancing, singing, drinking and smashing glasses.\nRecommend!', "Looking for a classic Irish pub experience in the heart of the city? Look no further than the Irish Times Pub! This charming pub is a true gem, with a cozy atmosphere, friendly staff, and an extensive selection of drinks.\n\nFrom the moment you step inside, you'll be transported to the Emerald Isle. The décor is cozy and welcoming, with a traditional feel that is sure to make you feel right at home. The staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgeable, always willing to recommend a drink or chat about the latest sports news.\n\nAnd when it comes to drinks, the Irish Times Pub does not disappoint. From Guinness to whiskey, the selection is extensive and of the highest quality. Each drink is expertly poured, and you can really taste the care and attention that goes into each one.\n\nBut what really makes the Irish Times Pub special is the live music. From traditional Irish tunes to modern hits, the music is always top-notch and sets the perfect atmosphere for a night out with friends.\n\nIn short, the Irish Times Pub is a must-visit for anyone looking for an authentic Irish pub experience. It's the perfect place to relax, unwind, and enjoy a great drink with friends. I highly recommend it!", "The place is nice for a drink and to watch football games. The service is okay, but it's a weird system, even after 2 rounds, the waitress said that it's only allowed to stay watching the game if we get more drinks, in a rude way we might add. So you can basically get 1 drink for 2 hours as long as you don't finish it. Not a normal system.", "Amazing service!! The guys really went an extra mile to find the tv channel with Formula1 which I wanted to watch. They also let me change my phone, they were super kind. Good selection of beers at very fair prices too, I'll go back without hesitation!", 'We spend quite some time with a large group here. The staff and the bar owner was super friendly and fulfilled every wish. The beer is great, very good prices and super cool location. Also it was very clean. We had the best time here. Greetings from the "Germans" ;-)', "A great experience! I went for a Guinness as I was struggling to sort out my passport and I couldn't take it anymore reading forms.  Not only did I have great Guinness , the pretty lady behind the bar helped me with forms so I got my passport days later. A friendly bar and even have cocktails.  Pass by and enjoy", 'Very Irish place in Antwerpen! Good selection of craft beers, lovely staff, nice beer garden to enjoy a pint in the heart of the city! Definitely will be back next time!', 'Great pint of Guinness. Nice friendly atmosphere.', "This is a nice pub in the historical centre of Antwerp. I have been there a couple of times with my wife since last year. The owners are quite friendly, music is excellent, and they have a range of (English) ciders with fair prices (tap and bottle). They also have a tap Belgian cider that is worth it. It can get busy sometimes and I like to go late afternoon/evenings on Sundays, that is calmer. It can't go wrong though!", "Would have given 3-4 star...but Audrey,  manager/owner (?), FANTASTIC! Not to mention the world's sweetest dog. A wonderful, welcoming atmosphere,  just go. The owners couldn't be more friendly.  Love it here.", 'Great location in Antwerp to visit with friends.', 'Absolutely cracking little bar. Paul was very knowledgeable about the local beers, and all at a very reasonable price. Top notch!👍🏻🍻', 'Went here for a few beers, and the menu did not disappoint, with both modern craft beer and high quality belgian beers. Talked some with the owner who was a true beer lover and gave some amazing tips and really took time to give the best service you could imagine!\nStrongly recommend to check this place out!', 'Great selection of craft beers & ciders! Knowledgeable & friendly bartender ☺️', 'Popped in to watch the NZ Italy rugby game. Paul was brilliant and advised us on many delicious beers. Highly recommended', 'Yeah a pretty nice place to hv drinks at n we wl go back again', 'I loved the customer service, very expats friendly. Nice menu, cold and warm drinks.', 'Great cocktails and service! Loved the olives they gave with the drinks.', 'Outside freezing cold.. but no fear! The terrace is heated up plus blankets for extra warmth, plus lovely staff! Would for sure return to this place on a cold Sunday night.', 'Nice winter bar, large and something for everyone. Not much parking.', '', '', '', "The best bar I've ever been too.\nLovely service, a beautiful location and the best cocktails I had in my whole life.", 'Cosy place to drink the day and night away, could perfectly serve as a venue for a party as well. Cocktails are delicious, and served in style.', 'Very nice cocktail and mocktail, super friendly staff, amazing atmosphere and decoration', 'Really great quality of the cocktails, just what i was looking for! Highly recommended', 'Lovely place to stop by and have some delicious Belgian beer🍻', 'Good honest Belgium bar…', 'Pretty cozy bar, a lot of kinda beers cheap and good quality great service', "Friendly staff, very good prices and full wineglasses. Only downside is the amount of traffic passing by but that isn't something they can change sadly.", 'The vegetarian burger is actually good. Great vibes. The beer selection is unbelievably good. Must try. The outdoor seating is solid but do check out indoors just for the decor. Go to the basement to see the innumerable beer kegs through glass walls. Limited option on vegetarian food.', "This is the place to go to if you want to take on the enormous task of tasting all the amazing Belgian beers! 300+ available - a literal Bible of beer for you to peruse as you try to pick which four you'd like to try for your first flight. Can't say anything about the food though, we had the best fries at l'Atelier before coming!", 'Lovely Belgium beer bar very close to the central station with an unbelievable selection of Bottles and draught beers. The barman was a real gentleman, and recommended some lovely local brews. Definitely worth a visit 👍🏻', "A busy place but I found a free table outside on the terrace. Did not try the food, had just one local beer which name I don't remember but it was really good..Nice and cold.\n\nOne thing I would change is the format of the beer menu. It's just very long list with the names and prices, so If you don't look it up in the beer bible you don't know what to choose. It could be at least more organized so you know what category beer belongs to, with a brief description. Anyway, I pick one from the tap and was not disappointed.", 'Been a couple of times already, and the food is delightful and carefully executed while combining tradition with fine cuisine. The service is also spot on. They also have quite a vast list of choices to drink to finish your dinner with.', "We came here for high tea. It's fyi 28€ per person, it includes tea/coffee/hot chocolate per person and a variety of savory and sweet treats. Although it seems nice we weren't impressed by the taste of the sweets. Hot chocolate not great, tea really nice.  service was a bit slow and they told us that they regularly don't serve high tea at 17.00 even though we reserved the 17.00 slot through the website. Other than that they were pretty kind and helpful! Nice experience but not impressed with it.", 'Sensational restaurant. Atmospheric decor.\nProfessional, friendly service👏\nDelicious steak, prepared exactly how I wanted it.👍🍖\nDelicious additions perfectly composed and great beer. 🍟🥗🍻\nUnfortunately, the carpaccio left a lot to be desired. Bland, large pieces of beef leg meat. Poorly seasoned 🙁\nDespite the poor carpaccio, I highly recommend the restaurant.👏👍', 'The afternoon tea service was amazing. The waiter was this old guy, looked like Alfred from batman. Pretty funny as well despite us exchanging very little words. Loved the guy. Staff were smiles all around. great atmosphere inside. Even the toilets were an attraction. I rarely take photos in cafes, but holy damn, this place was great. will defo visit again', 'Very good cocktails! Great service. Too bad it closed at 1am', 'Located in the very heart of the city. Great view from the terrace to the gorgeous Antwerpen Cathedral of our Lady. Quite pricey, but comparing to other cafes in the city center - prices are average. Ordered Flemish stew and it was absolutely delicious, worth the price! They specialise on cocktails, but I recommend to try local light or amber beer on tap.\nToilet is on the second floor of a very old building, so you have to use a really steep stairs. Could be a problem for clumsy people like me lol\nOverall felt in love with this place and would like to return next time I visit Antwerpen ❤️', 'We were approached by a waiter who informed us about a promotion offering three cocktails for 25 euros. Although we initially ordered only two cocktails and had not yet decided on the promotion, the waiter repeatedly asked us about our decision. Despite our consistent rejection of the promotion, the waiter persisted in bringing it up.\n\nAfter some time, a senior staff member approached us and engaged my girlfriend in a discussion about the promotion. Unfortunately, the conversation became quite loud, making it difficult for me to fully comprehend what was being said. Approximately five minutes later, the waiter returned and resumed lobbying for the promotion. It became evident to me that the staff was under pressure from their boss to sell as many promotional cocktails as possible. However, we once again declined the offer.\n\nRegrettably, the waiter appeared quite unhappy and concerned about potential repercussions from their boss. Two minutes later, the senior staff member returned and insisted that we pay 25 euros, claiming that we had accepted the promotion. I attempted to explain that this was not the case, but he started accusing my girlfriend of dishonesty and displaying unnecessary arrogance. He even questioned why she was smiling, seemingly without reason. In an attempt to resolve the situation, I requested to speak with the boss, only to be told that he was, in fact, the owner of the establishment for the past three years.\n\nGiven the circumstances, I find the quality of service we received to be completely unacceptable. It is disheartening to encounter such confrontational behavior and false accusations.', "Small cafe with a nice atmosphere. The vegan sandwich was okay in terms of taste, but not worth 17€. The staff was weird, and felt a little bit like McDonald's.", "Excellent atmosphere and beautiful interiors. Lots of beers to choose from and they often host live music events.\nWhen it's too crowded and loud it's a bit chaotic to order a beer, but apart from that everything is on point!", 'This was a very fun jazz cafe/ bar. You should check their website to make sure you can visit on a day where there are performers. If you want good seating, you should get there right when the performance starts or maybe about one hour after. Overall, a very great experience to share with friends.', 'Beautiful place with a nice vibe, the old building has a lot of different layers and cozy corners to sit in.\nBig menu with a lot of variety and friendly staff.', "We didn't eat.  Just had drinks and listened to the great Jazz.  Super friendly staff and great drink prices.  Locals love this place too.", 'Small Irish style bar in Gent Centrum. The food was homemade and good quality, service was good, as was the Guiness.', "This Irish pub is THE place to be as soon as it rains. You won't see me here when the weather is nice but as soon as it rains, this place is the place to chill. The food is great, the people are great, the bar is great! :)", 'Always love to be in Irish pub. Everytime we go in some place we will looking for the irish pub in tht area. This irish pub in Gent locayed just in the right place. Good athmosphere and cozy with friendly weitres, and excellent cervice. In irish pub we used to looking for celtic ciders. In here the taste is different then what we used to remember. Its a little bit sweater, like u drink applesap. Well im still borstfeading so only my hysband that drink and the children have appelsap. They have outside tablle that always full specially when you coming in Ghent festival time. When you coling inside, the man toilet is in the links side and the women is in the right-side. The bat also in the right side. Well defenitly recomended place to go specially if you an celtic cider lover.', 'I came in, alone, for getting one beer after an evening walk. Then I finally got out at 2am !!! 😉\nThis summarizes how I felt welcomed in this nice Irish pub. Thank you so much.', 'Brilliant little bar, so accommodating for us Shamrock rovers fans. Went over and above for us. Even went off and made us toasties. All the staff were fantastic, great beer. Great prices, great music. Had good fun with the regulars. Location excellent for getting around too', 'Small bar. very hot and stuffy.  no Irish vibe.', 'The host there is unique!', "The best pub in Gent.\nOfficial Irish neighborhood's pub.\nGood not turistic prices.\nVery clean and excellent service.\nAuthentic drinks and enjoyable music.\nCongratulations!!!!", 'A bit tight on space, but cosy and very friendly! Day soup was good.', 'Enjoy a cup of coffee in the sun, with a view on the Belfort.', 'Candle- heated seats outside.', 'Perfect', 'The music played in this pub is lovely and service is good.\nNice pub to drink some Belgian beers.\nIts located close to the Student hostels', "Popular bar under students, especially from the sciences. Music varies from commercial to rock to 90's", 'Awesome bar where you can dance and drink.', 'Great bar for students. Marginaal. And sometimes unfriendly staff.', "Alot of whisky choices, however it's like on the funfair and you have a choice basically per cent and u get to pick between a range of whiskies. Also the current owner feels very accurate on the amounts provided.\nOther than that good selection overall on beers and whisky in its own good setting!", 'Great place to be for whisky lovers. This place has almost every variety of whisky from Northern hemisphere you can think of. Vast variety of beers as well, a cozy place, and great place to experience a night of whisky tasting. Plan your evening of whisky tasting here well, and try the special brews ones for sure, it is worth it.', 'Beer and whiskey pairing :) what is not to like. For the none alcohol people they have the La trappe nillis that tastes pretty good', 'A very cool find. The owner has a taste for whiskey and is well stocked. There was live music playing the weekend we visited.', 'This place is a fun spot to visit. Great love tin with a view and fun vibe. My husband got the large dark beer and he if fact had to give his shoe. The dark beer was really good. Hundreds of other unique beer & non alcoholic options.', "The Mecca and Holy Grail for all beer enthusiasts! This place had the largest selection of beer in Ghent, with over 500 types of beer. They also offer tastings as well. The best part: you get a special mug specific to each beer you order, and you can keep them. The only exception is one large and special glass that requires one of your shoes as collateral, thereby ensuring that you don't sneak the glass out. I tried over 15 beers, loved them all, and was barely able to walk out due to the strength of the beers.", 'I had a great time at Dulle Griet Bar! It can get crowded, but the wait for a table is usually not too long, and the cool decorations and vibes make it worth it. With 500 types of Belgian crafted beers, there\'s something for every beer lover. Don\'t forget, if you order the 1.2L yard glass, you\'ll need to give your shoe as a deposit and finish the beer to get it back – a unique experience! It\'s a perfect spot for socializing, with people enjoying card games and board games, while my friend and I played "Never Have I Ever." The yard beer costs around €10.70, and other beers range from €3.60 to €6. They also have a variety of artisanal bierpatés. Cheers to a memorable visit! 🍻', "Dulle Greit is strategically located in the middle of the main Street, which is a major tourist attraction. It's also one of the famous beer bars in Ghent. Its interior is very interesting as it's an old Pub house with old wooden Flemish Interiors. It has more than 400+ different Beers to drink. It has both local & international beers available here. It has both an outdoor and indoor sitting area. For a beer pitcher you need to give one of your shoes, if you can't finish it then the shoes remain hanging up in the ceiling.... I tried 4 varieties of beer and I must say they were awesome", "Really liked the barman/manager. Very helpful with choice of amazing beers.\nGreat ambience. Music to suit all. Mostly vinyl. If you're not happy, speak to the barman. Excellent", 'A more calm place in the busy (chaotic) party street of Ghent. Big beer selection and a cosy atmosphere.', 'Great place to go and try different beers. And so much to look at and talk about', 'At some point, the bar becomes less spacious.', 'Well located and with two big terraces at this beer bar, makes it a good place to meet and chat with your friends. Service is ok, beer menu is limited, but the biggest down point is the stinky toilet... like many at city centre.', "Nice beer on tap. Shaded terrace. Unbelievable hard chairs. No receipt after paying and waitress didn't show the amount.", 'Cozy pub in Gent, has a nice view of the water if you go all the way to the back. The drinks are nice. But you have to pay 50 cents to go to the bathroom.', 'Best bar in town. Just go there. Do check out the views from upstairs or the terras in the back in summertime (and by night). Good choice of beers, and free wifi.\nUpdate: since yesterday 27/12 credit cards are accepted 😙😁', 'We went there as a group of 4 to get drinks and the barwoman was so rude because she couldn\'t be asked to do her job, shamed us for asking to pay separately and told us "we are super annoying". Needless to say, avoid this place.', 'Nice bar with terrace and beer.', 'Excellent bar with great terrace and friendly staff', 'A very boheme place. Nice atmosphere at the outside', 'Very unfriendly owner. I hope this café does not survive the corona crisis', 'Very good cafe in the oven gate', '', '', 'Great old bar in the city centre. Can get very noisy with older local drinks, but charming nonetheless.', "Really enjoyed this place, very nice selection of beers, and we had a couple of snack food plates to keep us going.  Don't be mistaken.. not a cafe - as the name suggests (I think I read that it's one of the oldest places in Gent, and used to be more of a cafe), so food choices are minimal. Warm and friendly - good attentive staff, nice decor.  Definitely recommended", "This is the oldest bar in the city, it's located in a historical building in front of the town hall and keeps prices not too high. Service is good and friendly.\n\nToilets are renovated and clean even at the end of the day, which is to be appreciated. Top.", "Fun servers, easy to talk with! And atleast a bar that doesn't close at 1am!\nGood selections of drinks!", "Rude waitress. We waited for 45 minutes, saw other people who came, ordered and left befor us. When I calmly mentioned to the waitress that we'd been waiting for an excessively long amount of time she said that if I didn't like it I should just go some where else. She asked for our COVID safety ticket after had been seated for 45 mins and that's simply unsafe.", 'Popped in for a quick drink before our dinner reservation, nice place friendly people', 'Nice to chill out with friends with nice cocktails', 'Nice place but my other half went to the toilet then on the way out of the toilets a rude waitress/cleaner abbruptly demanded 50 cents to use it! Abit of a liberty asking someone after they have been and especially  when you have just spent 50 euros on drinks between the 2 of you.\nWe left after we finished the last drinks out of principal.', 'Very nice and cozy cafe. Beautiful view. Good pricing. Very friendly staff, we had a lovely chat with a bartender. Also great coffee too! Definitely recommend!', 'Awesome and chill place to be, kind of Retro and super cute and chill to get a Glas of beer 🍻 can only recommend them!', 'Small Café / Bar near the city center. Not crowded like the other places. Fair prices. Best place in town for us 🤗', 'Super cozy, awesome place! I stumbled across here because I asked the bar owner where to buy cigarettes, and ended up staying the whole night. She is amazing, and everyone at the bar was amazing too. I’m a tourist, and I definitely would not call this a tourist bar, and they made me feel 100% at home! They are about to start live music, so definitely check this place out!!! By far my favourite place I’ve been to in Ghent, and I really loved Ghent so take that for what it’s worth! 😊', 'Great friendly bar for watching sports, right in the town centre, with audio and a big screen.', 'Small bar with great energy! The bartender was super sweet and I loved reading here with a beer.  They also show a variety of sports games for those interested.', 'It was a quiet day when I went so not much of an atmosphere as Such Staff were friendly and Beer was nice , Stella €3 for 033l not Bad.', "Great sports bat, he's got any match you could want and plenty of cold Guinness on tap. Can't beat it.", 'LeFrancis CEO of follow.rtcw.lan here professionnal eSports cklub since 2008. I went there to chill with my friends before a very important computer battle. I was a bit nervous but this bar is so cool that it felt like home. They have pools and darts which are always good to strenghten the team synergy and the blond lady who works there as a bartender is such a nice person. I hope to go back there one day. Anyway, we keep in touch... You may have found one of our business cards 🖐️', 'Great bar with pool tables and "tafelvoetbal". They have a good choice of local beers, Trappists and some foreign beers. Outside seating is provided on the balcony.\nYou can sit on the balcony and inside.', 'We just had a couple of beers up on the balcony. Nice young people all over the place, we really like it🙂', 'Great view on the terrace, friendly owner, good selection of beers and well-priced.', 'Bar u p', 'Very good cold buffet but removed once the hot one is opened. Paid toilets from 11 p.m.\nBig anything frankly 1 x but not 2', 'Really nice and trendy place. One bar side and another restaurant. Evenings with DJ every Thursday', 'Cold buffet: ok... But, hot dish in the form of an "Italian" buffet... Should really do better...\nOtherwise, service in training but ok\nAnd, what is THE big plus: atmosphere and security guaranteed in the adjacent room.', 'We ate here three nights last week - the food was excellent, the choice of beers very good and the servers helpful and friendly.  Definitely recommend.', 'Great service by an amazing staff!\nGood food as well!', 'We had a ham and cheese croissant. The food was excellent , and the service was a bit slow , but the downside was that the place was very, very noisy.\nBob the American', 'Small restaurant I had just a caffe latte. Cafe latte was tasty.', 'A man in Goslies told me to check out this place if I want a place to taste belgian beer so I came along. 40 minutes walking from the charleroi airport, 20 minutes on the bus 50 from Goslies to Vieville and im here. Nice place, nice people, nice atmosphere of a small old time village bar/cafe. Lots of beer. Love the place', 'Fantastic bar, great selection of beers!\nFriendly owner with a lot of passion! We will be back! ♥️', 'Unbelievably good meal.', 'Amazing food 🤩', "Service was prompt and polite and the atmosphere was jovial but the quality of the Guinness was poor - smelt like earwax and the pint had bits in it where it didn't appear that they'd cleaned the pipes properly - I didn't stay for another.", 'Nice place for a drink. No food, can be cold close to entrance but nice cozy warm spots deeper inside.', 'Atmosphere is okay, similar like in any other Irish pub. Staff is well below average. Happy hour apparently only applies to women. When my girlfriend ordered a beer she had to order a 3rd one or she would not get the 2=1 happy hour discount. The bartender said she would give the 2nd one to me and so this was cheating the 2=1. We are sharing the 3rd now anyway, will never return and give a proper 1* review. Good job bartender! There are many more friendlier bars in Le Carre.', 'Would recommend the la corne. Nice place with nice music and good barstaff', "They used to be good but I'd now really question their craft beers! Doesn't taste as it should!!!", 'Great atmosphere and they serve some really nice nachos for free on your table!', "Top place to taste what the carré's like ... pleasant place pleasant service and pleasant attendance ! Try it !", "A nice carré place for 'adults' with good coctails and good service", 'This place was mighty back in 2000. So glad it’s still going!', 'Super pub with great atmosphere.', 'Best bar of the world!', 'Top yeah', 'Cool', 'Extra', "Atmosphere of evenings of the ''out in town'' type, to be compared to the ''Carré''. Audience of regulars, middle-aged people in their forties, looking for one-night stands. Drinks at the usual prices for this type of place. The music played quite loud accentuates the almost ''disco'' side. Friday and Saturday, it's reserved for people who want to dance, not go and have a drink with friends in peace.", 'The rib on the bone is announced at 1.4 kg. Much smaller. It is coarse salt: nice. The boy was constant: unsympathetic. A beautiful outdoor terrace. Cleanliness of the toilets to be reviewed.', 'Genuinely exceptional bar! Each section has its own unique vibe. Absolutely amazing.', "Quite a cozy alternative bar. Very open people, both those who visit it and those who work. Looks like a local checkpoint. I mean if you need to meet someone or just adventures - You need to come here. And it's in a steampunk style, it looks very cool", 'Truly one of the coolest bars i’ve been to. Loved the crazy decorations, there’s always something interesting to look at! It was also my first time trying Kwak, and i absolutely loved it. The music was so good as well.. if you’re ever in Liège, do yourself a favor and visit this bar! It’s such a cool experience', 'Great bar in city. Nice atmosphere, moody decor, no food (but take in possible), perfect selection of drinks.', 'Super cocktails', 'True to its name: a really nice bar!\nThe staff is nice, the cocktails are nice, the place is nice... Everything you need to have a nice time! 🤣\nThe board there was delicious 🤤 with regional products and well stocked, the staff was welcoming and the setting warm 🤩.\nThere was no hubbub.\nIn short: the ideal place for a drink with friends or lovers, we agree! ✔️', 'We stayed only a short time, late in the afternoon, to rest a little. Very warm atmosphere, a wide choice of beers (I recommend the Smash which I personally really liked), in short the bar lives up to its name', 'Best bar in Cork, intimate, good atmosphere! The boss and employees are super nice. I recommend it if you are interested in a nice family bar.', 'Openly LGBTQ friendly bar. Nice staff. Great service. Frequented by great people.', 'Tereible service and very unfriendly towards turists. Sad', 'Short visit but nice!', 'Cool', 'Very lively bar with patrons of all ages. Good beer selection. Plenty of room inside and out. Bartenders were busy but friendly!', 'Great bar around the corner from the Markt. Outdoor tables, perfect for people watching.', 'Super nice place w/ reasonable prices! The olives and old Brugge kaas were delectable!', 'Super impressed by Kim! Running by herself hordes of beerthirst people! Awesome service, great beer, and amazing atmosphere! Super recommended:)', 'What a lovely find! Staying at the hotel right next door, so I literally stumbled into this pub, and so glad I did! The bartender has an excellent knowledge of beers and explained the difference between Trappist and Abbey beers with patience, and also made recommendations. Do stop by if you are visiting Bruges.', "We've been going to Bruges for years and only just found this pub. Great location, helpful staff and a very nice selection of beers. Highly recommended!", "Kind of hard to find right next to the Grote Markt and behind the Belfort in Bruges... But once you make it there,  it's a nice place for a beer or two.... Great selection of Belgium beers (some on tab, most in a bottle) and cocktails - all priced reasonably given the location.\n\nWe will be back...", 'Unquestionably, the best pub in the area! I’m so thankful that finally, I was able to find this spot for some of the best beers and drinks. The atmosphere inside this pub was great and relaxing. I will definitely rate them a five-star for everything that they provided. The best service ever. Truly amazing! Thank you so much, guys!', 'The best meal we had in Belgium (considering Brussels, Brugge and Antwerpen) with a great service.\n\nThe curry chicken with basmati rice, salad and bread was perfect (not too spicy).\n\nThe carbonara is not the traditional one but we super recommend it.\n\nThey have a lot of beers in the menu and the waiter helped us choosing the best ones.', 'A wonderful traditional pub, brilliant music, great beer and delicious food. What more does one need. Fantastic all round.', 'Top Thai food place, never disappoints!', 'Absolutely loved the place!!! The staff was so accommodating and so nice. Totally recommend. The food was absolutely fantastic. The drinks were superb. Totally recommend visiting people. Perfect for kids as well.', 'This restaurant is popular among local and tourists. So better to make reservation through call or walk in.\n\nStaffs are very polite and knowledgeable.\n\nFood 5/5 (very delicious, well seasoned and generous portion)\n\nMussels are cooked with wine and comes with a huge bowl of fries.\n\nFlemish stew is very aromatic and the meat is very juicy and tender.\n\nSpaghetti are cooked well and instantly melt in your mouth.', 'Oh wow! Fabulous! Food was excellent! Our waitstaff Simon made it even better. Gotta go here. Try to get reservations though, this place is popular!', 'We managed to get a table without booking in less than 10 mins but the services on the table is super slow. The waiter/ waitress took 20 mins to order our food despite we have request to order our food for at least 10 times. I asked for recommendation and the waitress wasn’t helpful and just point on the menu and walked away.\n\nThe food is good but wasn’t as tasty as we read in the reviews. We ordered a slice chicken and it’s quite salty to eat by itself without any drinks/beer. The onion soup is great and we loved it. Quite disappointed as I’ve read they served pork knuckle but they don’t do it anymore. Maybe tried to called before walk in to dine?\n\nLove the beer selection and it’s quite difficult to choose among so many options. They’ve another shop down the road just serving beer but overall it’s fine experience and wouldn’t come back again.', 'Very busy and popular spot to get some food and Belgian beers. The food was good, slightly on the pricey side but expected for Bruges. The beer tasting was great, and the explanation given by the bartender was appreciated. The service was okay but we asked for bread to one of the lady serving food, she acknowledged it and then just never went to get us bread so we left without it, which was a shame cause we had garlic prawns and the oil would’ve been perfect to dip it in.', 'Absolutely amazing experience. Brilliant beers and chill atmosphere. My fiance fell in love with the barman. 😂', "Great tapas, cosy interior with patio, friendly staff and an even better drinks menu! I seriously can't imagine a bar with a larger selection in Gueuze (famous Belgian type of Lambic beer). This place is great for having a drink and bite with your partner or with a couple of friends/relatives. Hint: for the Lambic enthusiasts, they have Tilquin-gueuze on tap, delicious. I'll be coming back!", 'A lucky find in Bruges! Not to far from the centre but far enough from the chaos. The place is very cozy. The food is very delicious (we took Tacos and Gyoza) and also the selection of drinks and beers is very good. We will come back here whenever we will be back in Bruges.', 'Cosy little bar with a great atmosphere and brilliant service. Came here one night in the hopes of a bite to eat however on asking about vegan options for my girlfriend, it turned out there wasn’t much available. Regardless we stopped for a drink and got some recommendations from the barman - whose name we didn’t get, but has a Lord of the Rings inspired tattoo on his forearm - he was super friendly and chilled.', 'Excellent location on the square. We were seated quickly and the service was prompt. As others have mentioned, it was a bit pricey for what we purchased but the fantastic location plays into that. The tables were small and close together so the smoke from the neighboring table was a bit of a distraction.', 'Got our order slightly wrong but our cheese and toasties were good. Staff were very friendly and the atmosphere was nice. Sitting under the big umbrella in the rain was a nice vibe.', 'Very good food and drinks. Also very expensive, just like all the other places on the square. Only option for a seat at the market is to pay above average.', 'Enjoyed a lovely omelette here this morning. It was so nice to sit here overlooking the square.\n\nService was efficient and food was very generously portioned!\n\nI ordered a mint tea which came quite small, it would have been nice to have extra water to top it up since it came with an extra tea bag.', 'Good enough selection for a small town.  Nothing special on the beer list.  Was there around 1pm and the place was empty, service was good and friendly.', 'Great atmosphere but I wish the waitress would be a little more friendly', "Nice place to be with friends for a drink. Even if i'm not a great fan of their playlist 😜", 'awesome place, good for drinks', 'Very nice little meal! Good food and great service! I will return with pleasure!', 'French and passing through Namur to discover this pretty town, I discovered this small brewery at the same time. Super nice waitress who does her job really well, the dishes are to die for and so delicious. I took a piece of beef, as tender as butter, cooked to perfection. Accompanied by a divine Roquefort sauce and its famous Belgian fries, true to their reputation.\nThe service is fast and quality!\nI really recommend this brasserie if you are passing through Namur!', 'Valuable staff who know their dishes...superb quality meat and for a brasserie the dishes are fine and sought after.\nFor my part, each meal is a discovery and a real simple pleasure while being a specialty.', 'Very good family atmosphere, and good cuisine, we see regulars there who feel at home.', "This is the place, don't look more! BEST PIZZA CARBONARA EVER! What a pleasure to have dinner at Don Dino. The service was amazing, so nice, and the pizza could be like the ones that they serve at the Italian heaven!!\n\nA M A Z I N G", 'Friendly staff, and great food!\nThe food is fresh and delicious! I love their pizza! Their desserts are also great! They are also GREAT value for money!\nNot expensive!', 'We were very lucky to stumble upon such good pizzeria. Yummy!', 'Amazing food in such an unexpected location. We were driving towards Brussels after a long day and were greeted by great service and even better food.', 'Nice to have a drink in such a beautiful garden. Friendly service. Ideal stopping point on our cycle tour.', 'Very nice', 'Nice local cafe with a beautiful outside terrace and very friendly service.', 'Super cozy café, there are not many in Kortenberg ;-)', 'Beautiful location for this restaurant at Oude Markt in Louvain. Very friendly service.\nI only give it 3 stars though because of the long wait until we got our food. The terrace was packed, and we all possibly ordered at the same time, but we waited for nearly 40 minutes.\nThe waiter was very nice and offered us a coffee for this. Thank you so much!', 'This was a nice place for a drink on the student-hub square. Not so boozy as some of the other places. Tastefully decorated and cool terrace outside. Beer selection mixes some interesting ones with others that are more expected (even banal). Seems to be an LGBT-friendly bar, which is nice.', 'Great place for a hangout at the heart of Leuven. Really tasty food, quite a choice of Belgian beers, relaxed atmosphere', "I'm coming to this place for the third time already!! Every time I'm in love once again with the food and the staff, such kind people. My husband and I always recommend my friends and family to stop there and enjoy their dishes!!", "Great coffee and great service. It came with a side small piece of cake. Great spot for enjoying the sun! You can't ask for more!", 'Nice place to go for a beer, and they have a great selection of beers. Chill atmosphere, friendly staff.', "Laid back pub with good beer and good music. What's not to like?", 'Chill and warm vibe, with both regulars and new customers visiting everyday. A place for coffee and beer, alone or in big groups, and open almost everyday, most part of the day (which is rare in Leuven). The staff is always very friendly. The place has tables of different sizes, a nice couch in the entrance, a terrace in the front and an indoor smoking room. There are boardgames available and an ample selection of beers.', "I love this pub, it's the best Irish place in Brussels. I have tasted the bangers & mash, the sheppard's pie and fish & chips and everything had a great quality.\nIt's my number one go to for Irish food! 💜", "Honestly, it's a really nice pub. But pub only. The interior is pretty, and the staff is great. Beer is good - maybe a little pricey. However, food just wasn't it. The burgers we ordered were overcooked (we ordered rare, and we got more than well-done) and dry. Jack Daniel's sause was awesome. Fries were nice but not great in Brussels' standards. The atmosphere really compensates for the low quality of food and higher prices.\n\nOverall, I think it's a nice spot for a beer, but the prices are a little higher than usual in Brussles.", 'Typical Irish pub. You know what you are getting. Burger was good and came with a really generous portion of just made French fries.', "Great local place! Lots of beers but also decent house wines. Roasted half chicken was well cooked and flavorful. Fries were exceptional. Vegetables were lettuce covered with a heap of papers. Not a favorite so I skipped it. My companion's chicken teriyaki was very good. Prices are good. Service is ok remembering that it is a popular bar. Not a place to come if you are in a hurry. Looks very crowded but there are more tables in the back room.", 'Friendly staff, speaking English. The venue is very clean. Decent amount of beers on tap. The upper section has a pool table and darts. Great for drinks and hanging out.', "This is a great place: has a warm cosy pub atmosphere during the day and is a great retreat with a billiards room, and lots of seating upstairs and downstairs, with a better than usual range of beers, cheaper than the rest of the bars in the area. On a night that changes with the addition of live music with some traditional Irish songs mixed with modern music and the place starts jumping! A group of us had an amazing time there and couldn't help but get up and dance!", 'Fantastic staff during half final Rugby. Nice beers and free water for my daughter. Thanks a lot for the great hospitality.', 'Beautiful new Irish bar in the centre!\nGreat selection of drinks, music, darts and pool! With quality TVs to watch any worldwide sports games!\nDefinitely recommend', 'Fish and chips were yummy but the peas were not very authentic.    Salad with falafel was great but the soda bread could have broke my foot.   Overall I would eat there again.    The IPA though was 6.5 and tasted like water.  Oh - stars lost since they claim to take Moniz, but they don’t….', 'There were many people, because of it quite close from European commission building. It was end of the working hour as well. Beer and dishes were quite good. Also staff was very friendly. Regardless of many people, our order we got quite quickly.', "Amazing and quick service. Server spoke perfect English, so I didn't have to try and translate my allergies.\nFood was sensational. My partner could barely finish his pizza as it was very filling. Fish and chips were amazing and crispy. Onion rings were on point, especially the homemade BBQ sauce! Would visit again and definitely recommend.", 'Fantastic food, excellent service and a wide range of drinks available. The homemade BBQ sauce with the onion rings was particularly exquisite. 10/10. Outstanding.', 'Great irish bar, we came here for a spontanius karaoke and had a great time!\nThough there are not alot of beers from the tap, still nice selection of drinks and pretty cheap.', "Superb pub to spend an hour or so enjoying a beer or three - the 14 euro mugs are definitely the bargain to be had and are quite cold, just as I prefer it. I was there on St Patrick's Day and they even had hats and things to wear. Quite a good celebration all around!", "If you like a bit of Karaoke at the weekend it's a good city centre pub.", "Descent bar. Watched El classico in March 2023. Service was excellent and beer options were plenty. But atmosphere could've been better. Not much music or crowd even though it was a big game on Saturday night.", "Great place for their karaoke sessions which happen every week (I think) on Friday and Saturday. Very international and good vibes.\nFood is obviously expensive, don't buy it here. The pizzeria just left of this place is much better.", 'The best Irish bar in Brussels. Probably Belgium. Gréât Guinness and very good food! Will definitely recommend to everyone I know who’s coming to Brussels.', 'Quick service, average prices. One particular server I did not like - she took my glass with some beer still left in there, and then she wanted to do the same with the nachos plate.', 'This place was probably one of the worst pubs I have ever been to. Not Irish at all, just not the vibe at all. Not good service, bad atmosphere and rude staff. Therefore there seems to be a massive problem with management. Won’t be going back! I do not recommend this place to anyone visiting or anyone living in the area.', 'Nice atmosphere having coffee at the excellent location close to the Berlaymont building of the European Commission', 'Nice pub. Outdoor seating near the street was perfect for a warm fall day.', "Cozy English pub that knows their regulars. Good beer, good times. Debit cards aren't accepted anymore. Cash or credit card only. Not cool.", 'I went yesterday there for the 1st Time.\nNo good vibes, no good music, no good service. There are better adresses in Bruxelles.', "Went here to watch some rugby.\n\nIt is definitely crowded during important sport events so be there in time. TV's are not that big but there is definitely a great atmosphere here, even though it can get quite warm inside.\n\nThere is a nice choice of beer and prices are not too expensive", 'The best Irish pub in Brussels by far.\n\nAlways has been and always will be a place that brings people together.\n\nGreat service, incredible atmosphere, especially during football and rugby matches.', 'Your typical Irish Pub. Nice place to have a  drink (or several) with your friends. Prices are affordable, nice Irish atmosphere! I warmly recommend it!!', 'Typical yet enjoyable Irish pub near the European Commission. Crowds are lively and they show a wide range of sports. It can get really crowded on certain occasions.\n\nOne noticeable characteristic about this pub is that it does not serve food, but you are welcome to order anything you want.', 'Fascinating place with good atmosphere. Not so easy to find in the everning.', 'Nice new spot in neighbourhood, lovely pint of Guinness, love the darts corner!', '', '', 'Wake me up ,we had the largest,  tasty Pizza and drinks . The staff was just exceptionally  sweet ,friendly and provided excellent costumer service .', "The Scott's bar is a really nice place to have a drink. The atmosphere is cosy and welcoming. The staff is young and speak English.\n\nYou'll find a nice selection of local beers, as some snacks and pizzas.\n\nOverall you will have a lovely time there.\n\nBe aware that they are sometimes concerts or football broadcasting, which will give the pub another vibe.", "Good place to hang out. Their giant pizzas are decent. Last time they didn't have many of the beers on their menu.\n\nEven though Edenred (ticket restaurant) website mentions that Scott's accepts Edenred cards, in reality they don't. Other credit and debit cards accepted", 'All of the staff were warm and welcoming.  Went for a comedy show and had a great time.  Beer and cocktails were great and shared a giant pizza. The bar is large and very comfortable with plenty of seating.  Will definitely return.', 'Good place to get some good shots', 'Very nice drinks, nice atmosphere, super friendly staff: highly recommend!', 'Good place for language exchange. Internacional clientele,. And friendly staff', 'Great place for a good burger lunch or after hour drinks with colleagues. A good alternative to the over-crowded place Luxembourg. Friendly staff and correct prices. Highly recommended!', 'Excellent for large get-togethers. Always had a great time at this place. The bartender, Luke, is utmost friendly and efficient and a man of his word. The place is not known for its food, but there are a few reliable choices of snacks to go along with your drinks.', 'In 2023, in the heart of Europe, this place does not accept payment methods other than cash or credit cards (credit, not other). Why? "Owner\'s decision". - we heard. Isn\'t that a bit suspicious?', "It's your typical Irish pub with dozens of types of beer and drinks and little food to choose. But the place itself is nice. Cheeseburger was ok, but nothing to write home about. All in all, good to have some beers on a Friday night....", 'Good place to have a beer and a snack. They only accept cash and credit cards.', 'Our first visit, I went with my daughter. There are a couple of tables outside, but they were taken so we sat inside.\nHaving looked at the drinks list and not found our favourite, asked for it anyway : lime cordial with ice and water.\nNo problem ! English flavour crisps available, too.\nThere was a private event upstairs, so no pool table.\nCentre Brussels prices.', 'Quite high price for not so super tasty beers. Service at the bar.\nQuite noise atmosphere.', 'Cool place and wonderful beer, however I wish it could close a bit later...', 'Nice place to have a beer.  The burger is really nice!', "Nice karaoke bar in town. Close to Bourse, one of the main tram stations in Brussels center.\nBar staff super friendly and karaoke with a lot of songs even in other languages.\nThe karaoke is nice and always cheers up  the crowd. I've been there many times and always have lots of fun.", 'When in Brussels this is a nice place to drink beers and sing karaoke', 'Really great place, the team is on point. They take care of the customers. The drinks are amazing, good served. Thank very Much', "DO NOT RECOMMEND. TO AVOID ABSOLUTELY. Bad sound for a karaoke bar. Poor quality of service. Staff pretends not to speak your language in ordre to denigrate you or to not answer your questions.\nFrequent thefts of customers' bags and belongings, bar staff's IS not taking any responsibility and not very understanding. BAR PROTECTS PEOPLE THAT COMMIT THEFTS.", 'The Irish way of enjoying your 🍺🍺. Very good service and ... mood especially on a sunny afternoon!', 'Always good for a Guinness !\nAnd since, we often come back for another Guinness.\nEspecially when sunshine sitting in the small front terrace with a famous look on people passing by.', 'Great place with outdoor terrace to enjoy a drink with friends after work.  Friendly owner!', 'Lovely owner, lovely staff, lovely beers.', 'A “safe” place where to eat meat or vegetarian food REALLY good !! I like it then I continue to come back (for the Guinness too ;)', 'Delicious fish and chips. Big choice of craft beers.', 'I have been here several times with friends. The last two times we went here it was terrible. The food has changed and become very poor for a place that was previously good for pub style food.\n\nLast visit we sat on the terrace. There were 4 of us and the tables are designed for 2 people if you want to also have food. We joined two tables together and the server told us “One table is more than enough for 4 people. We need to keep the terrace open.” We finished our drinks while more and more tables emptied, never to be occupied. Later went elsewhere for good food.\n\nAs well, my bank card did not function with the tap mechanism. I knew it needed to be inserted and PIN used and had said this to begin, but he insisted on tap. When the tap did not work I was told “If you don’t have money, maybe you should not be here.” Of course it worked when I was able to insert and use the PIN as I had told him.\n\nHe was very rude. Poor service, poor food and it spoils the whole atmosphere.', 'Great bar with great food! If you like an English pub you will like it here. They have great fish and chips, lamb shank, burgers and more. Beer selection is good from a bottled beers to tap. The service was quick and friendly with fair prices.', 'Excellent bar. The staff are great especially the blone lady at night. Very pleasant and welcoming. Been visiting from Leicester England for 3 years now and is one of my favourite bars', 'The waitress is awful with foreigners. And in a international city like Bruxelles, that’s quite  weird to see.', 'A friendly and cosy place right next to a public transportation hub. Most enjoyable on warm summer days when the side windows are removed.', 'Friendly, authentic, good choice of Belgian beer for reasonable prices and great place to enjoy the fries from across the square.', 'Top 3 place to get a Guinness in Brussels. Very interesting clientele, frequented by journalists, politicians and UKIP people.', 'The best pub in the european area ! Fred', 'I loved it. Cheers', 'The beer is good. The bartender got pissed that we wanted tap water. It was 4 pm on weekday and place empty.\nHe was like tap water ?? Jesus...', 'Looks like it was a bad day (August 31)?\nNo hot water in toilet.\nNo toilet paper.\nGastro set includes smoked ribs - very hard to eat!  A massive amount of bone pieces.\nGuys, you need to get a meat cutting machine instead of using axe in 21 century!', 'Clean pub, delicious foods but service speed is too slow. Staffs are surly. They also forgot some foods we ordered. We asked for bill 2 times and waited a lot. Waste of time.', 'Wow..\nAmazing service.\nGreat beer.\nGreat food.\nThanks guys for the perfect experience', 'Good Irish pub with plenty of tasty beer and  dishes and snacks. They have live music, where you can dance. Perfect place for hanging out with friends', "Were there on 10/07/23\nPros:\n1. Very nice interior\n2. Good music\n3. Excellent service. Respect to the waitresses (and tips🤗)\n4.Clean toilets\n5. Cheese sticks are delicious, the sauces for them are awesome🤤\n6. Cod is delicious\n7. Low prices\nMinuses:\n1. Specialty beer, Rabbit. Well... Very amateurish. Nizhny Novgorod? They cannot brew beer in the Russian Federation and Belarus. If they bring you beer and there is no longer a hint of foam in the glass, then it is not beer. At least there is Pilsner Urquell, but in cans🤷\n2. Beer Glazed Spicy Ribs... Blah blah blah. What is in the photo is what they are. This piece of boiled pork with a layer of 2 cm of fat looks like smoker ribs??? Bottom.\n3. Smelt? Is this really a smelt?\n4. Goody's dessert. Dried biscuit? It's a crumbled loaf, but more like a burger bun. On the picture\n5. Craft lemonade. Strawberry. Smells like mold. It was redone, but it didn't help.\nConclusion: we definitely won’t come here again. Alas.", 'Very good. There is a large hall downstairs, but we chose the summer terrace because the weather was good. Everything is delicious. The service is at the proper level, but don’t expect waiters running around, you’ve come to a bar, here you don’t need to rush, but enjoy and communicate. They serve signature beer; to try it, it’s better to take a set of four types of beer, 200 ml each; we liked the dead rabbit IPA. We ordered more) The snacks are good, at reasonable prices.', 'The appetizer is fresh, they brought it in 30 minutes. The rabbit light beer is delicious, cold, without water for sure. The atmosphere is calm, there was no fuss. The institution is not for children - they drink alcohol here.', 'Atmosphere 10/10. The food is delicious and arrived quickly. The beer is excellent, especially the dark beer. The staff are great guys', "I liked the food, I mostly liked the interior. Selection of drinks was halfway between mainstream and craft.\n\nPrices were higher than average for Minsk but still felt cheap by European standards.\n\nThinking why it ended up being a four-star place for me I can only point my finger at the service. Call me picky but I really feel it when the staff behaves like I am not their favourite kind of customer. I don't know, not dressed smart enough or not ordering their most expensive stakes... I like to be liked and made welcomed and comfortable regardless, and, sadly, I didn't feel that way tonight.", "Nice pub. Delicious, fresh food, comfortable atmosphere, nice personal. Gave me and my girlfriend a red rose at the International women's day at the end of the meal", 'Not crowded during the working week. (I visited on Tuesday.) Good service, tasty food,  a wide range of beer from light to dark (Germany,  Belgian, Czech, Belarusian). Beer prices starts from 4.5$ for 0.5 Liter.', 'It is a wonderful place, good beer, and especially I want say thanks waiter Ekaterina and wish her good health and much money.', 'Three women of retirement age (65+) came to the establishment at 18:00, ordered a set and beer. The staff greeted us rudely; they couldn’t find a reservation in a half-empty room. At 18:45 the administrator came up and said that the time spent in the establishment is limited (?!) Since when do Minsk establishments treat people of retirement age so disrespectfully?!?! Shame', "Tried gastrofest. Chips, cabbage, sausages straight from the store. Fried dumplings are like Grandma Anya. The ribs were quite tasty, but lacked the spiciness. The pig ears were interesting, although I'm not a fan of this dish. I didn't manage to eat a lot of them. The sandwich was not bad, but it seemed superfluous and did not fit into the menu. Sauces are just a separate type of banter, ketchup with mayonnaise and mustard with mayonnaise. We sat at a tiny table on which the dishes could barely fit. A chandelier light bulb right in front of the forehead. The only thing that was really nice was the service. In general, the food is ordinary, I don’t dare call it dishes, it’s more like a set of products that can be perfectly prepared at home on your own. Left disappointed. This kind of gastrofest acts as anti-advertising; you don’t want to come back here.", 'Disgusting service and work of waiters on the summer terrace. It is better to visit another institution in the center, since there are many good institutions nearby.', "Went to gastrofest today. I liked it very much, very tasty!\nFirst time here, we'll be back.\nGreat service!", "Long time haven't seen it. Used to be one if the best and first bar in Saint Petersburg. Hope the place still keeps its high standards.", 'Great place to watch the footy.  Staff very helpful, spoke English and were very helpful. Menus were in English and were perfect for a few drinks watching the football', 'A tiny sport bar in the center of Minsk. 4 draft beers, several bottled. Only peanuts, sandwiches and french fries. Barman was not very happy with customers. Beware of Roma fans.', 'We visited this bar and my friend had a really bad experience. He posted a one star review. The owner of the bar found him on Facebook, and verbally abused him about the review. He was extremely rude and impolite.', 'I went here with my girlfriend for dinner and the experience was totally amazing. Well cook food and atmosphere in combination with a beautiful\nMinsk area. They also speak English here.', 'New and nice restaurant in Niamiga, tasty international menu, excellents burgers and warm salads. Live music, every day at least two programs. Huge spirits variety. Very fair prices, I highly recommend!!', 'Just a tourist scam place. Awful cocktails for the price. Bessonnica bar is a next level just few steps from this bar and much better', 'Located in the city center. Good and attentive service, comfortable atmosphere (nothing special, but cosy). Prices are the same as in other cafes around. Portions are big, food is tasty. Live music in evenings. Recommended!\nP.S. Buritto is very tasty and big (enough for 2 girls)', 'This is more or less an English pub, let say a modern one. It is clean with fresh interior, which is dedicated to UK, mostly England. When you are entering smokers are on the right (bar area, with a good choice of beers) and non-smokers on the left. Food is very good and prices are Okay. Just be aware that they will not bring food to everyone at the same time (like proper English pubs do). Lunch menu food will be first and quick dishes next. If you order salmon – you are the last one. But this is minor – everything else is excellent.', 'The cafe decorated with British-style. Food is good taste and arrive so fast. Btw there is not so much cuisine like i expected and price a bit expensive. Waitress can speak english.  Good place to chill out in Minsk', "Great English-style pub in Minsk. Smoking section and non-smoking section. Our food was great. I ordered a club sandwich and to my surprise that's exactly what I got! Just like a club sandwich in the western world.", "The place is famous with locals. I have heard lots of positive reviews, that's why I passed by while in Minsk.\nHowever, The  beef burger I have had, was not spectacular, in fact it was rather tasteless.on the opposite, the choice of beer was great , the place is cosy, and the stuff is quite attentive\nPerhaps will give it a second try", 'I was in the pub to celebrate a gala family evening, I really liked the atmosphere, I even wanted to sing karaoke songs).... sincerely. The prices are good and, most importantly, very tasty!!! Pleasant service and the director Nelly Grigorievna greeted me very warmly, only positive and kind words about this establishment!! Thank you', 'Great place, the staff knows their stuff, cozy and very tasty', 'A great place, the price tag is just a bomb, the lunch menu is priced like a canteen and tastes like a restaurant.', 'We were alone in the establishment, 4 people, they carried the food for an hour, the order was not voluminous', 'Very interesting idea! A lot of sports, good food, nice price! Recomend to visit!', 'Very nice hot dogs you get the option of beef or chicken', 'Just a regular bar without any special atmosphere', 'Ok', 'You can find really great selection of draft and bottled beers here, from lot of regions of the world, mostly Eupore through, and local beer of couse as well. If you not a big fan of beer, wine option is available, not a bad one. I like the style of this place, some food pin-up art on walls.', 'Great place with good friendly service and wonderful tasting local Belorussian food. Also, this place has large beer selection from all around the world.', 'Great place, amazing beer selections, tasty food. Prices are slightly bigger than in other part of Minsk, but other than that everything is superb. Btw Shopska Salad in menu looks and taste like Greek salad and it is really delicious=))', 'Close to the centre of Minsk in a pedestrianised bar street. Great selection of beers, including some craft Belarusian ales on tap. Go for the Minsk Mad frog unpasteurized ale, strong in alcohol but very tasty.\n\nWorth a visit for a beer and a bite to eat. Free internet, and friendly English speaking staff. Eclectic music, Black Sabbath, Iggy Pop, Jazz versions of Nirvana and Irish folk songs make for an entertaining soundtrack.', 'I like this restaurant 🍴. Nice food, live music, good atmosphere, fast service always. Good to go listen live music and eat your dinner and drink. It is crowded in the weekends but not very crowded during the weekdays. Try it, if you are around.', 'Really good Belarusian restaurant in Minsk! Food exceeded expectations and service was very professional. Also, location of the restaurant is great and I really liked sitting on a patio in a beautiful summer day.', 'Nice place to spend with friends or... even alone. Especially when you like live music. Good solyanka soup and pork shashlik. Staff very friendly. Well location  Prices reasonable. Nice climat  Open until 2am.', 'Brilliant place havant been for just over 3 years.\nMiss all the great people and my mate Yuri', 'Amazing place!\nEverything is great: music, design, prices.\n\nWhen you’ll be there try Taco! It is unbelievable good.\n\nThanks for great experience from me and my friends!', "This place was busy and unpleasant when I was there. The service was alright but some of them smoked Shisha indoor and in front the customers who happened to seat at the bar. Mind you, it's early August 2020 - hello Corona?! - and majority of staff wore masks as well.", 'Nice atmosphere, good food. Bartender with neck tattoo was little cocky but I guess everywhere has one.', 'Pretty good) dishes are delicious and price - nice) beer rather cheap)', "The bartender has an excellent sense of humor and taste!\nI haven't had such a delicious beer in a long time.\nEveryone to visit, on weekends you can still cuddle the cute dog of the waitress. She knows how to bring beer to the “die” command, and to the “face” she lifts up the mistress’s skirt ❤️", 'The location is convenient, the choice is limited, but the atmosphere is captivating. If you are a communist, then you must visit', 'The place is nice, but the beer selection is not very good', 'Very cozy place! Polite and attentive staff. Very tasty cuisine!!! A must visit!)', 'Atmospheric place.\nFriendly staff.\nGood food, tasty beer', 'Great place - cool interior and variety of snacks and drinks', 'We waited for potato pancakes for 1 hour 👎', 'The burgers are simply amazing, with all the smoke pouring from the dome. Good home-made liquor too. The beer is somewhat decent. Came here with friends will continue going here in the future. Even when the place is crowded the staff is helpful and tries to find you a seat.', "The good: Prices are not very high,. Even though there were a lot of people in the place, there still were free places to sit. Food is ok. Servants are nice and welcoming.\nThe bad: it takes a looong time to prepare the food, and they usually arrive at different times, so you could have half of the table with their food already but the other half will still be waiting, which creates that akward moment when you don't know whether to start eating or wait. Also, there was too much noise at the place.\nOverall, an ok place to go for a beer.", 'Cool Place with hilarious funny local TV ( i didnt understand a word unfortunately, but maybe that made it even funnier). Good 3 tap beers easy ones but nice for the style and super cheap. Service was fun to talk with and i learned a bit of the belarus language. Food is avaible too, looks very local, unfortunately havent tried it. So cool place, but if you expect crazy beers and crazy food maybe not for you. But I would come back!', 'Scary small dirty room😕. Don’t Go. Sovjet type of service😱', 'Best option for the lunch menu at Zybickaja and great value for money, a bit pricey for the main menu though. Note: smoking is allowed, otherwise i would give 5 stars', 'Good food and drinks at best location, can smoke inside. Large choice of beers and alcohol', "Nice decor, good service! Lot of whiskey and a good choice of beer! Little bit expensive for belarus conditions. But it's ok.", 'Spend a whole night sitting at the bar. Had good food. Nice beers. And good service.\n\nFirst night in Minsk. But a very good place to be at.', 'Nice restaurant with a good atmosphere. Food portion is quite large. Nice staff but too many customers.', 'Nice restaurant with a large menu and nice variety. We tried three dishes and one appetizer. The steak tartar was very good and excellent quality. The potatoes pancakes with beef was fantastic and my wife really enjoyed the "visiting mother-in-law." The beer sampler was good and gave us a chance to try four of their beers. The only thing we didn\'t enjoy was the calamari.', "Atmosphere is less than good. The lighting is way off. The lighting tempature is around 3,000 kelvins, which is bad for the eyes. The decor of the restaurant is very nice though. It's the best thing this place has going for it.\n\nThe service is very slow. We sat at our table for 15 minutes on a Tuesday evening before anyone greeted us or took drink orders. I ordered the beef ribs and the flavor was really good, but there were only 3 bites. Almost the entire thing was just fat. Very low quality beef. See images. Literally almost all fat.\n\nThe person I dined with ordered beef medallion and their grilled vegetables were cold and uncooked on the inside.\n\nIn conclusion, the overall experience was bad, and I will not return. I do not recommend dining here with so many better options around the city.", 'Very good cafe with a lot of tables, two floors and outdoor seats. There\'s a lot of free place for couple and for big companies. As food, we ordered gasrtofest\'s set, this good for two people. The beef was sweet and tasty. Big choice of beer and "nalivok" but it had too much alcohol for me, better, I think, it\'s cocktail " spotycanec" with lemon.', 'Unusual place with incredible atmosphere, good drinks (not only beer: by the way, there are craft beer too, but also tee and coffee), unbelievable concerts. One of the best places in Minsk which I always recommend for guests of the city.', "Good place for Rock-n-Roll,  but haven't too much space", "Great but pretty small place. It's one of few places where you can listen to informal music and great local musicians and singers.", 'Check this venue for local live shows. Cheap and simple food, average priced drinks, craft beer selection.', 'Nice place. Open fire dishes are just in the City Center with good view. Tasty burgers and funny named alcoholic cocktails)) You should try it)', 'Quite pricey but: delicious cocktails, wide range of drinks(any types), good choices of appetizers and main menus, friendly staff, comfortable terrace, nice background music. Great choice of place to stop at for a drink or for a celebration. Suitable for events by little groups of people. 5⭐️', 'Nice place with quiet background music. Drinks and bruschettas were good, burgers not so much, but still ok', 'Nice place. Good vibes, foods and cocktails!', "During sitting on the bar the gard came and start pushing us don't know why", 'Nice', 'Nope.', 'Very stylish place with great staff and good atmosphere. We met here with friends from neighboring countries. We had a great time and danced great. The audience was very pleased. Kitchen for four. I was surprised by the excellent work of the security, the lightning-fast reaction to the person who had gone too far, almost no one noticed how he was tactfully escorted to the exit. Overall a very good vivid impression. Cool bartenders who understand guests from their hearts. Thank you guys.', 'Bars specialize primarily in beer. We ordered it and were completely disappointed. The light beer on tap turned out to be warm and old, the dark beer was completely sour. The cuisine requires special attention, namely the Caesar salad ... The components of the salad are a mountain of cabbage, a wind-heated heated chicken, two Cherry tomatoes and croutons, two tablespoons of mayonnaise and balsamic sauce smeared on a plate in the form of a blot. The girl serving us was pleasant and immediately took action, offering bottled beer as an alternative. I hope this review will help your bar become better)', 'I was very surprised and pleased by the monster cheburek: a huge cheburek on the floor of the table and inside there was real meat, only meat... not rice, not something else, namely meat.\nThere are several types of filling for monster cheburek: meat (pork), chicken, ham. The cost of the monster is 3 BYN - this is a very small price for it.\nIt was prepared quickly: I didn’t even drink a third of a glass of beer.\nPub #1, but only two beers on tap.\nThe selection of bottled beer is small.\nLarge selection of strong alcoholic drinks, but prices X2.\nThere are few snacks, their prices are at the same level as other cafes.\nLike the cheburek, I was very surprised by the interior.\nFor the sake of the interior and the monster cheburek, you can take 20 minutes and drop by there.', "A good pub, 2a times bought their signature dish - a big tasty cheburek. But the last time when I came with my wife - the meat in chebureks turned out to be stale ... with a rotten smell ... BIG FAILURE!!!\nA small menu of beer is not strange - IT'S THE SAME PUB!!!\nBUT THE PLACE IS GOOD, WE WAIT FOR CHANGE!!!", 'Very cozy place. Good selection of tasty treats. Calm and comfortable atmosphere. Welcoming and friendly staff. I recommend.', 'Disgusting. Not the first time in this establishment. We came to the performance program of the carpet band "Carpet Bend". Entrance cost 15 rubles. But upon arrival at the bar, when the group began their performance, we had enough for an hour. I have not heard anything more disgusting, the soloist absolutely cannot sing. It felt like you were in karaoke with a drunken lowing into the microphone. The fact is that this "likeness to a concert" was noticed not only at our table, but also by the rest of the guests of this institution. We were 5 people, for the entrance to the "concert" we paid about 75 rubles. The amount spent did not correspond to the declared program at all. Don\'t mislead people. Value for money leaves much to be desired, given that this is not the first time this group has performed at your establishment. Sorry for the waste of time and money. As for the cuisine, the seafood pasta was disgusting, terribly salty, it was impossible to eat. Thank you for the Cheeseburgers, they were delicious. Everything else leaves much to be desired. The mood is spoiled, like the weekend. They came to you from afar, from another city.', 'A more disgusting place has not been visited in a long time. The bartender is not even able to make a Mojito, the pub does not have the beer stated on the menu! what kind of pub is this??? The kitchen is terrible - the cook is not even able to fry mushrooms without burning them to black coals, and bruschetta - the pinnacle of skill - a piece of stale bread with shrimps that have a strange smell. You will learn how to work first, and then open establishments and take money from people who came to have fun, and not ruin your evening!!!!', 'We were at the gastrofest in May. Only two tables were occupied. We sat down at a table near the window, but had to change seats because it was sticky and dirty, covered in crumbs. The veranda is very dirty. The girl behind the counter smoked electronic cigarettes without being embarrassed by anyone. Not the best set of this gastrofest. And once upon a time it was nice to visit (', 'Excellent BAR, super food: huge portions and very tasty. Celebrated a birthday - everything was great: the staff is friendly, welcoming, always helping and willing to help you with any questions. Thanks to the guys who worked on 06/03/2023! I will definitely recommend you to my friends!', 'Rick l and roll mather fackers Rock and roll', 'Norm pub;)', 'The atmosphere of the bar, the friendliness of the bartender and delicious foam - do their job)) come back - yes, I recommend it - yes)', "First time in this establishment and it was terrible...\nI ordered “chimchangs”, the menu says that this dish is prepared only with chicken, but after an hour and a half of waiting (due to the high workload of the kitchen), they brought me chimchangs with beef 🙄\nThere is no limit to anger\nI reported the mistake to the waiter, he apologized and after +- half an hour they brought me the chicken.\nI was expecting a full-fledged chicken, but inside there was minced meat, and with a huge amount of pepper. The taste combination of the products is disgusting... it contains minced meat, corn and beans, with some kind of sauce.\nIn the end, the mood is spoiled and there is no desire to order anything else.\nUgh, I really didn't like it\n\nI recommend that you make references to the menu, where there will be a full description of the composition of the dishes.", 'A very nice place to relax and feel the vibe very comfortable environment.......I recommend it\nOne of the best club in belarus', 'Nice Space, had maximum fun', 'Had a fun time', 'Gorgeous establishment! Soulful atmosphere, the best bartenders Denis and Philip. The best b-52 in Vitebsk! You can also play the console and watch sports games! Thank you very much for the atmosphere and top class service! We will visit again and again!', 'A unique table reservation system and conditions for visiting the establishment. Perhaps the girl who greets guests at the entrance did not explain the rules to us quite correctly. Impressions are mixed.\nBut: We came to try the cuisine, we were satisfied, even very satisfied!', 'We couldn’t even try the excellent cuisine and hookah))). We booked a table and in the end they said that we didn’t book anything. Great establishment! I will recommend it to all my friends.', 'The dishes were brought quickly enough, a large selection of cocktails, there is no hookah card, everything is negotiated with the staff when ordering a hookah. From 18 to 19.00 hookah + tea promotion at a bargain price. The chairs are comfortable, but the table seemed small, there are still places behind the sofas and separate rooms. The presentation of the food is beautiful. For one hookah, the coals were changed 3 times. The waiters are polite, everyone liked it.', 'Nice atmosphere, polite and friendly staff. A good cocktail menu, an interesting menu, and a large selection of delicious treats for hookah lovers. Great place to relax.', 'It was amazing, buski service. Hookah is gorgeous cocktails top)', 'Very beautiful, good service, it looks like a lot of money was invested', 'There is no establishment, there are places, they don’t let people in, they will close soon, the security will help them go bankrupt', 'We wanted to come in for tea today after Greenwich, but they didn’t let us in at the entrance. They called for the administrator, but they didn’t call him. We decided that we would never set foot in this establishment again.', 'I would put 4.4 points. Cozy, interesting. There is something to try. And so about to try - there is an idea. If a visitor pays for a glass of draft, it would be cool to give a taste of what is there. Thanks for the service.', 'Cool place with a great selection of craft beers and ciders. The bar you want to go to because of the atmosphere and the staff that works there.', 'Great bar. One of the best selections of craft beer in the city. Very nice bartenders.', 'Interesting place with a huge variety of beers. Nice girl at the bar.', "There are not enough signature cocktails. The bar selection consists of classic drinks, very boring. We expected more from this establishment. Food for two: dry rolls, edible salads, but nothing special. The tartar is average... The security behaves like unfriendly people, they look at you like you're meat... They constantly walk around. Preferably, as in most establishments\n,security should not be so clearly visible.", "I went several times, I liked everything, but lately it's a game, music is what goes where, the direction of the techno stage? You dance two tracks two tracks people just stand there, DJ don't be wiser..\nSecurity is also something, they burn you through with their eyes, let them rest, make it so that you were not visible, so no, they walk straight along the resting people with their wings spread, and look for someone to get to, get down on the ground guys,\nP.s.\nyou're not that healthy", "We visited you not long ago, we were simply delighted\nPeople don't get paid for nothing. A must visit.", "There are always a lot of people who won't turn around.", "Whether you're there for the atmosphere, the drinks,good or simply a good time, Golden Harp stands out as a must-visit Irish pub.Golden Harp, an Irish pub that captivates with its stunning aesthetics, is a true gem. The ambiance is reminiscent of Ireland's warmth, and the pub's look is nothing short of impressive. The staff, equally charming, embody the essence of  hospitality – nice, polite, and welcoming.", 'Kilkenny on tap. Potatoes done 3 ways. Kilkenny on tap. Great atmosphere really feels like a local with casual familiar (great) service and excellent fit out, feel right at home. Did I mention the Kilkenny', 'I enjoyed the fast service, also the barkeepers were very clean and friendly. I would come here again for sure. Ribs were also good', 'A nice pub to have a drink. Service is good and show a lot of sports on the TV. They also have live music often.\nFood is cheap and good portion sizes.\nBeer selection is also good with Guiness, strongbow, and snakebite making me feel at home as a brit abroad.', 'The super cozy ambience and friendly waitstaff already cheered me up as soon as I entered the pub. The seats were comfortable too. My Irish burger was excellent.  It had a gooey easy sunny side and fried bacon strips. The beef patty was satisfyingly thick and well done, and tasty. My usual sensitive point is the burger buns...I was so glad to find them nicely toasted. My partner had a vegan burger. I tried the patty. If I had not known, I would have certainly thought it was real meat! The texture and flavor of the mock meat burger patty was so real!! Loved it! The vegan burger came with sweet potato fries, and meat bur6came with regular potato fries. I had an aperol with prosecco. It was excellent and just the perfect thing after a long tiring day at work. As a reviewer, if I have complain at all, the lettuce,  cucumber slices and tomato piece all could have been fresher.  They looked as tired and wilted as me when I came in!!\nWill certainly come here again and greatly recommend this place!!', 'Simple, classic, stylish irish pub. Picked up to eat some fish & chips, onion rings, girlfriend had the halloumi burger. Topped it off with an Old Mout cider and of course, a Guiness. Great pub food and staff was on point, not overdoing, nor ignoring any services for us. Highly recommend anyone in Vienna looking for an Irish Pub.', 'Love this pub. The service is welcoming and nice. There is a good variety of beers and ciders. You can order plenty of finger foods together with them or go for a main course with a burger or sandwich, for example. There is a nice ambience in the pub which makes it really cozy to stay and spend time with friends.', 'For non German speaking this PUB is well recommended. Service wise we are very please and they speak english well.\nWe decided to walk from hotel but parking wise I see they have some decent parking slots nearby.', "This is an amazing place. Great music, great food and I'm not even exaggerated, the staff is so nice. Even if you don't know German, they speak English. So yeah, looking for a place to eat, have a drink with your friends and maybe dance a little? Then I recommend you going to Irish Pub", 'Nice pub near Meidling bahnhof at the top of the promenade. Great outdoor seating with a few televisions for sports. Good service, good burger, sandwiches and salad also. Thanks! Wil come back.', '- Kind, Fast and Responsive Staff\n- Good Design of the Bar\n- Vast Selection of Food and Beverages\n- Medium Quality\n- Poor Music Selection and Sound Quality', "While this neighbourhood is certainly not famous for its great bars and restaurants, this Irish pub is a decent place to have a drink and bite. Not extraordinary, but fulfills what it promotes. Waiters are ambitious, also when it's crowded. Irish beer is cold and not over priced. Worth a visit, if you are around.", 'Good pub, Balkan Irish Pub, Green Room is better near by!', 'Cozy, cool music, good value for money.', 'people are allowed to smoke inside, this place has absolutely nothing to do with an irish pub.', 'Irish but Serbian. Nice place & cheerful atmosphere. Lots of Serbian people, but the experience is cool.', 'WARNING! THIEVES!!! THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND WILL NOT DELIVER ANY FOOD! DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE! THEY STOLE 35 EUROS FROM ME!', 'Oh man. The best restaurant around. Awesome beer, decent late night pizza. And its freaking crazy place. Recommend to visit if you live around in hotel/Airbnb to see unbelieveble.', 'I was whaiting 2h never become pizza 3 times call them never anwser..', 'The pub has seen better days. Server is friendly though.', 'This bar was just round the corner for us and we were pleasantly surprised that it was fairly busy every night of the week.\nPeople bring an atmosphere.\nReally lovely', 'Excellent handmade burgers 🍔\nTasty beer 🍻\nFriendly behavior of employees\nIt really got me interested in Ireland 🇮🇪\nThe potatoes and Fried onions here are one of the best.', 'Extremely friendly waiters, nice atmosphere, very spacious, beautiful bar decorations. They also have multiple screens to show football and other games.', 'We have been there to watch a football game. We had a ton of fun, great atmosphere and excellent food / drinks! We will definitely come back!', 'The pub was fully reserved for the evening but luckily we arrived early and were able to be seated. Food tasted delicious and was delivered in a reasonable time. Atmosphere was causal.', 'A wee bit of a mix up with order but harmless. A good atmosphere between staff. Reasonably priced, not a skimpy order. I have no problem recommending.', 'The fact that they asked the money right away while bringing the beers even without having ordering food or making us pay with the food just on the table before starting to eat is… awkward. Everything you order you pay it right away so you don’t reach the minimum needed to pay by card. However, good beer and food was ok.', 'Tasty food, good bier, all tables were booked, unfortunatelly we had only one hour for consumation, even that, nice experience, price high but also big portion', 'Cool little local pub! Definitely not the last time I went there.The waitress is super nice and attentive. The biggest surprise to me was the food - the Schnitzel is amazing! Strong recommendation!!', "The name suits it perfectly. Dark, unassuming, smoky but big enough so that the smoke doesn't settle. Nice staff. Reminds me of the UK but with Austrian flair. Great for a group or just two people.", "It's a nice place in a typical English pub style. Prices are decent and Austrian/English pub food is available.", 'super cool, nice staff, really great atmosphere... highly recommended\nwill come back soon for sure\n:)', "Really nice place. The price was totally normal for a center bar. A beer was 4 euro smth. The music they played was really good, however there's no place to dance. A lot of cool people that you can meet there", "If you want weak cocktails, half filled shots, and half your order to be wrong then you found the right place. Don't reccomend unless you enjoy budweiser.", 'My favourite pub in Vienna, with fair prices and tasty drinks. It is the best place to have a drink before partying and also for a nice evening with friends.', 'Smell local and drink for less than 3€ half liter of beer. Nice place with a lot of young people. If you like to sing drink and smoke at the same time, welcome to paradise!', 'Best Irish pub in Viena center. Fair prices and really well decorated. Would recommend to drink a couple of Guinness here.', 'Believe the sign out front says this is the oldest Irish bar in Vienna - hard to believe it\'s not. This is a small place with mostly bar stools - but a lot of "pub" decor hanging on every possible inch. There\'s few places like this in old town Vienna, and if you can find this place down the side alley, definitely grab a pint.', "This place rocks - the atmosphere is awesome and you are sure to meet up with some interesting people to chat with - can't recommend it enough!", 'Oldest Irish pup in Vienna with a very cool contrasting atmosphere to the city. Barman was super friendly and made a mean Irish coffee.', 'Very nice Irish pub and with authentic decor, great beer, and a chance to watch premiership football also was a bonus. Food was really good and this pub is highly recommended for a quite drink before heading into town', "It's a really nice place, the staff is friendly and quick. The atmosphere is great, but the acoustics are so off, it's hard to have a conversation and that's not because of music playing but other people talking.", 'Great well priced food and a good range of ciders. The Golden Harp has an amazing atmosphere and very friendly staff. I am glad we found this place.', 'There were eight of us, we sat down at several free tables, but the waitress moved us to a small room where there was only one table, and where it was quite cramped.  Everything else was fine, but that detail with the separation left a bitter taste in the mouth, for what really looks nice.', "Would highly recommend here if you're looking for a good place to drink. The staff are brilliant and extremely welcoming and friendy, the patrons are also very much the same.\n\nPrimary cash only with 10/11 EUR limit for card payments, if you're card only just buy yourself two drinks.\n\nI'll be coming back here when I'm in Vienna next time.", 'Nice pub right next to "Gerngross" and near the U-Bahn/Metro "U3 - Neubaugasse".\n\nOn the ground floor is the non-smoker area that is a little darker with lots of wodden interior. The small stairway upstairs leads to the smoker area and the toilet.\n\nThey offer the usual shebang of beers, national ones, around 5 different ciders, Guinness, etc. Prices are typical for a pub.\n\nIt\'s a rather small place, so it can be a bit "cozy" at later hours. Not necessarily suited for bigger groups. Otherwise a nice place for an after work pint or smaller groups.', 'Beautiful pub with kind waiter and good atmosphere', 'A moderate pub on Mariahilfer Straße. Atmosphere is very nice like and old English pub covered with wooden materials inside. But the sound systems is not good that much and noisy crowd may prevent you taking a chat with others. Beer price is quite affordable as compared to many other pubs in Vienna.', "Great music on a Monday night visit. Staff attentive and polite and in spite of my attempt at German they didn't laugh. Pub quiz was on when we arrived but too late to participate or id totally smash it. Friendly locals chatted from time to time.", "The best god damed burger we had all 10 days in europe! A real Irish bar with great staff and super good food! Wiena seemd to close their kitchens at 22:00 but the Bogside inn didn't close their kitchen until around 00:00. Go here and order the vegetarian burger! If you need meat you will not be disapointed.", "Huge burger that tasted great cheep beer and great staff and atmosphere I'm definitely going back", 'Nice people. Good music. Delicious fish & chips. Super cute doggo. Very friendly and attentive staff.', 'We had a great Halloween night there; it had superb ambiente and music for alternative/rock/metal people, with pool tables and darts. The food was better than expected. Recommend.', 'One of our favourite places in Vienna. The beer is quite cheap, the food is very good, they play awesome music and the atmosphere is great. Although it can be hard to get a billiard table 😄', 'In my opinion, it is one of the busiest places I have seen, but I must say that the environment is really cool, the burgers are not  bad.', 'An Irish pub probably most of the clients are from the neighborhood, the prices are very reasonable the food is good, the pub is ran by a very nice lady.', "We went there for a few beers, I had a surprisingly tasty chili there. Be sure to check before, if there is a sports event - we didn't and the place was packed. Only luck was that our nice waiter managed to get us a table. Other than that the place is comfy, has good beer and if you are into it, there should be even a pub quiz :)", 'Love that place.\nBeer is great and the food is okay as well.\nThe service is a bit slow, but not too bad. I am always trying to sit outside - it is much better in my opinion.\nI definitely recommend that place.', 'So good place to chill. 🙏 The waiters are so nice and speak perfectly English. We were watching football there and drinking Guinness beer. So typical for Tuesday night 😎', 'The pub has a very pleasant atmosphere. When you sit outside, you can feel peaceful with the city air. Tables outside are packed at 11pm and you are asked to go inside. This may be a common situation in the city. After this time, you can continue to drink inside.', 'First time here and this place is amazing. Live music, amazing choices of beer. Employees are very friendly. Fair price. Great time we got there and we will come once again for sure. I am very happy that i finally find some Bar like this in my neighborhood.  See you soon!', 'Nice atmosphere with delicious food', "If you're looking for an irish pub, DO NOT come here.\nWorst Irish pub I have ever been to.\nWaitress could not even understand us we would try to order a drink or pay the bill and she would just blankly stare at us then walk off and go serve someone that could speak her language.\nWhen finally being able to order our drink it took them 20 minutes to bring the drink.", 'Nice place to sit down and have a pint, staff were incredibly friendly and were a warm welcome to this city.', 'Possibly the best Irish pub in town. The food was great (we had some burgers). And the service and ambience are just something else. They also offer live music sometimes which adds to the charm of the place.', 'Wonderful night out on Saturday. One man show on the guitar, playing rock and blues songs, great beer offering - on tap and bottled, nice selection of pub food. I warmly recommend the guiness beef stew. Wonderful service, timely and polite.', 'This place has a beautiful atmosphere. The attention to detail is beyond reproach. Every detail has been attended to. Many different types of beer. Fast service. Clean and pleasant seating. Patrons are cheerful and sociable. Staff of course speak English. Try the local Austrian beer Zipfer, blond and smooth. My favorite beer while I was there Starobrno, must try it.', 'Great place to have a drink or two. Maybe even three. Lots of beer from around the world, including several IPA choices. Also a big menu for food, which was okay, just not extraordinary. It‘s a very nice pub after all.', "This place is amazing. The food, the service, everything. I ordered The Bob Marley, a vegetarian burger. Turned out they didn't have any veggie patties anymore, so I had to change my order up a bit. Either way, the burger was amazing. I'm not a vegetarian myself so I got a regular beef patty with the Bob Marley. I also ordered some sweet potato fries, and cajun fries with chili mayo sauce; heavenly. Finger clenching good. Next to the food being this good, the staff was super friendly and considerate. They brought us a free piece of cheesecake as an apology for the inconvenience of there not being a veggie patty. Super friendly. And on top of that, the waitress accidentally brought us 0.5L beers instead of 0.3L beers, but since it was a miscommunication she only charged us for 0.3L beers.\nAll in all, a great experience, delicious food, and a great atmosphere.\nDefinitely recommend going here.", "Charlie P's is certainly THE best pub I've tried in Vienna. Great variety in drinks and truly incredible food. Also the prices were reasonable. The service was very friendly and the atmosphere truly incredible! Perfect pub atmosphere and most of all, amazing special nights. I've been there for stand-up comedy and party nights, especially disco and I always had so much fun! Such a fun and friendly place!", "Friendly staff, cool place to hang out with friends. Occasionally there's music downstairs which is a nice place to dance if you don't fancy a club. Their spicy chicken wings with celery and blue cheese sauce are absolutely delicious. They're addictively good.", 'My favorite Irish pub in town. Centrally located, always buzzling with friendly people, happy service and live games broadcasted. Haven’t tried the food but looking at it it can be tasty. My honest recommendation for nice party opener', "Great bar/Restaurant, friendly staff. Best fish and chips I ever had. Great onion rings, great burger (and I'm extremely critical of burgers), great time, great outdoor seating too. Will be there regularly!", 'Nice restaurant and bar to go to. Variety of beers 🍻.  I had a very good burger. There is live football games as well, premier league I guess mostly. Service was fast but we sat next to the bar, so when we ordered beers, we were able to get them just behind. It was too crowded when we went but the service was still fast. Liked it. The prices are reasonable for Vienna.', 'Authentic Irish pub with properly poured Guinness and Hendricks/tonic. Good music, great service, and great vibe. Close to the university, Rathaus, and parlament, so has an eclectic mix of students and tourists.', 'Outdoor courtyard was perfect for watching a rugby international with tasty food, cold beer, friendly service and excellent result. Bangers and mash was also a winner.', '2023/11/16  19:30\n5 people\nCrowded\nWarm\nService quickly\nGood location', 'Great selection of beers and ciders. Seasonal food offers ( truffle when I was visiting ). You can check what is on tap right now on TVs throughout the pub. Proper beer serving and pouring. Must visit for people who love craft beer.', 'Great Irish pub, busy, clearly popular with locals and tourists. Good pub food, great staff', 'Centrally located. Very popular and lively. Great place to watch sport matches. Lots of TV screens can be seen from many angles. Nice vegan burger. Very welcoming and attentive staff. Prices are fair.', "The burger was big, but mediocre. The sweet potato fries were good.\nIf you can't read Dutch or Italian, prepare to use Google translate. They don't have an English menu, which is very upsetting.\nThe staff is friendly, and will help you out.", 'A chill place to have a beer and bausatz. :)', 'Nice Pub to grab a few drinks or get some food. Make sure to reserve a table on weekend nights', 'They offer good burgers and nice selection of beers. However they accept only cash so limited option of payment', "Fantastic Irish pub with authentic beers and whiskeys, as well as delicious food options. Highly recommend to any prospective newcomers in Graz, as well as anyone local who's looking for an authentic Irish experience!", "Best Pub in town!\nThis Pub is actually run by Irish people (the only one in Graz as far as I know!).\nGreat drinks, tasty food (vegetarian and vegan options!). The staff is really friendly as well and takes care of their costumers, that includes asking creeps to leave when they won't stop pestering female costumers!\nThere is also a very fun Pub Quiz on Thursdays and live music for different occasions.\nTVs show gaelic football, hurling or rugby.\nAlways a great time!\nLGBTQIA+ friendly as well!!!", 'Honestly the best pub in Graz. I come here almost every Wednesday for the live Irish folk music, the staff and the owners are super friendly and love to chat. Very authentic, great atmosphere.', 'Such a fantastic, authentic Irish pub with great owners and atmosphere.  You can go here on Tuesdays for a quiet night, or on Wednesdays for some great traditional Irish music.', 'A cozy friendly Irish themed pub. Good choice of beers, on tap and bottle, and adequate whiskey and other spirits. A small food menu ( but it’s a pub , not a restaurant...!) Friendly barman. Prices on par with other pubs.', 'If you you’re looking for good drinks and nice people, this is the right place. The owner and her staff are welcoming and engaging. The atmosphere in there is just great!', 'Familiar atmosphere and live music every Tuesday night!', "Location: it's just a five minute walk from Jakomini or there is even a tram station in front of it.\n\nBar: they have lots of beer, some stuff to eat (like nachos). The interior is very mixed up within Styles, so you have constantly something to discover.\n\nBathroom: although there is just one for each gender, it was clean and tidy.\n\nStaff: super friendly, very helpful, talkative and cute.", 'Fantastic hospitality. They put a rugby game on I was looking for and made me feel right at home. Highly recommended', '2Brothers Irish Pub is the place to be in Graz. It is a great venue to hang out with friends and family because it offers a cozy atmosphere and the staff is very friendly and attentive. It almost feels like coming home.', "We had a spontaneous birthday party on Saturday after our reservation was double booked and saved our night.\nThe waiter was happy to make us food after the kitchen was closed(the mac  'n cheese was delicious!!)\nNot so much irish music but  it suited the style of the bar.\nDefinitely be back to try the trivia night.\nOnly minus was that the shots were a more little expensive than usual but altogether a very good night and great service.", 'Place itself is mid (for instance it gets really really hot and stuffy inside when it is warm outside). However, the staff and vibe there is amazing. It is a foreign students spawner and a cool place to have a pint and maybe watch a football match. If you wanna meet someone new, you should definitely go there!', 'The owner is probably the coolest bar owner in the city. Only this guy is a reason to go to this lovely, cozy pub!', 'One of the most authentic Irish Pubs in Graz. Starting with the ambiance, even they had the classic special smell of Irish pub. Also the bar tender was Irish. For sure it will see me more often, please let it as it is as this is Irish pub culture', 'Good beer, good whisky, good music, I recommend', "Had the best night together with our great barkeepers Sparks and (?; unfortunately I've forgotten her name) in march this year. Great atmosphere, typical drinks and in summary the best Irish Pub in Graz!", 'Small, very smoky pub. Several items on the drinks menu not available and food is no longer offered here ( old menu..?). Pleasant and efficient bar lady.', 'Nice selection of beer and other drinks.. has lots of place and a really unique ambience.', "It's definitely not for nonsmokers. But it's a classic pub with balkan and ex-yugoslavian music.", 'Perfect place to relax, talk and drink some beers.', 'Great pub, the staff is friendly as all hell.\nThe pub-going Committee rates the experience as a 10/10', "It's a good bar and there's also a non-smoking area so if you're like me and the smell of cigarettes makes you gag, there's a non-smoking zone and they have good drinks", 'Staff very friendly quirky interior in a good spot on the main street  very popular for cocktails', 'Excellence service and great drinks!we had fun', 'Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Pizza from Contra Punto next door was really great too. I loved the music too, very nostalgic.', 'Good atmosphere with plenty of people but get there early if you want a seat because it’s very small and pretty dark. It’s also nothing like an English pub but still a nice enough place to visit. Great pizzas.', "Such an unpleasant waitress!!!! Fisrt she was unbelievably rude to us just when we came in, then when we came back she told us that we can't come in even tho we were sitting already at the table, then when we told her that we are already drinking she gave us such an attitude. I like the pub very much before but after this, NEVER again!", 'We literally just waited 1.5h for our pizza, lile what?', 'Very nice place, very friendly', 'Cool place to have a drink', 'Beste Cocktails in Town!', 'Best Pub in Town !', "Friendly staff and the best ham & cheese toast I've ever had, no kidding!", 'Great Pub and quite a charming Irish lad.', 'Friendly staff, less crowded and good for 20-25 people', 'Good local pub', 'Great place. Food is very filling and great. The wine spritzer was very large! Food is great 😋.\nHad nachos and enchiladas 😋\nFood was served very fast! I did not know that you need an app to order here.\nBut can also be discussed with ur server for the options. Use app for the speed!', 'The food was good, unfortunately our group had a very unfortunate encounter with the waitress. We arrived as a pretty large group, but the place was almost empty. The waitress was unbearable. She was walking around kicking chairs to move them, and attending to us aggressively. We tried to pay at the end, not even splitting bills, and she was very scary, yelling at us to speak in German, and she felt moments away from being physical. It was horrible and she made our group feel upset and unsafe.\n\nI do need to comment that the waiter (or maybe chef) was very nice and tried to smooth out the situation. He was also very pleasant when he delivered food or took our plates.\n\nIt was definitely not cool to be treated this way when we were a large group, very calm, and offering a lot of business.', "Spent two night here with our handball team, super friendly stuff who are trying their best even in the rush hour and happy to take a drink and talk with you when it's over. The offered Mexican dishes are also very delicious, the great selection of evergreen rock'n'roll hits from the loudspeakers is just the icing on the cake. We'll be back for sure! ;)", 'A great English Pub with hands-down the best Mexican food in the city.\nAlso, the owner is very kind!', 'Every Wednesday they have good live music!\nYou should be her', 'Perfect place to chill out, the owner is an exceptional example of being a natural born friendly bar owner. Only downside might be the smoking area for some', 'Really good local Styrian pub. Great service, has dart games, and sometimes live music.', 'Super!', 'Beautiful place for a beer or a glass of wine. The waiter was very welcoming and give good advices.', 'Very nice bar. great atmosphere and host! I highly recommend it!', 'Friday best bartender in town', "An local bar that you shouldn't miss if you want to experience good music, conversations and drinks.", 'Great place, great food, great people.\nLunch menus give a great value for the price.\nComedy nights or different events are always fun and I really like the atmosphere at Bar28!', 'Great pub! "American" pub food with great service and drinks. Watch soccer on the big screen, they even have American football playing sometimes. The music is great, and they have live music on the weekends. Everyone here speaks English. Super fun place to go with friends!', 'Mittagsmenü, very cheap, tasty and big portions!', "Incredibly overpriced cocktails, with barely any alcohol in them. Ordered a couple gin tonics, you couldn't taste the gin at all, it wasn't even the 2cl that is already too expensive for that price. Definitely go somewhere else and get something better for your money.", 'Same since ever. A Rock in the waves of nightlife', 'Nice underground club, cool people, great music. Live music events occasionally: stoner rock, hip hop, metal and everything in between. One of the best clubs in Graz. entry is free of charge unless there is a live music event.', 'Bar/club without entry fees, good prices and friendly staff. Not a typical mainstream bar. Go there to find some quality ppl and play some table soccer or dart. MuHo forever ', 'nice cellar bar, with cool events like pizza for free', 'Great beer. Only nachos for food. Nice place to chill on a sunny day', 'Great bar with a good selection of craft beer and punk music.', "The staff was very nice. Nice apple cider and good snacks. I didn't like the beer so much but that's absolutely on me cuz all my friends like it 😅 they have lots of options!", 'Great selection of beers and drinks. While the food is limited, it’s fantastic. Even the nachos are great.', 'The bartender (and I assume owner) was very nice. Comfortable atmosphere. 10/10, would go to again.', "Friendly staff, good food.. But they don't accept card payment, careful of that", 'Good selection of drinks, you immediately feel comfortable sitting and drinking a pint or two.', 'Fun. Small but serves many. Sometimes crowded at night.', 'Pro tip: Nice variety of whiskey. Do try the peat bog whiskey!\n\nMost waiters are charming and kind. One or the other, not so much.\nService is good, quick and on point.', "Nice little Pub! Was honestly surprised how many different beer & Whiskey they offer. What's better than watching live sports and having one or two or even more whiskey. Definitely the only place I can recommend in Linz to have a drink!", 'No complaints here. Lovely place with lovely atmosphere. Great Barmen.\nAwesome place to watch a game or two.', 'My two friends and I from Croatia had the best experience! We were welcomed and seated by the most beautiful and handsome waiter! He was so kind! It was really crowded, but immediately as we entered, he got a table for us. It was a little wall table, but it was perfect; simple and cool, made us feel cool. Interior is perfect for a pub, many cool posters, pictures, and signs. They offer many varieties of beer and drinks! World cup was playing on tv and the atmosphere was amazing! We drank, laughed, and had an amazing time! 10/10 I recommend this place!\n\nThank you Chelsea Pub and thanks to the waiter for making our Saturday night in Linz fun!\n\nSincerely!', 'Super Karaoke', 'I got something that was expired twice and when I wanted something else she insulted me. And if you order something else she ignores you. Impudence!!!', "The whole bar is pretty dirty. Everything seems so cheap and people save money everywhere. The glasses are not clean, I can't really recommend this locally.", 'Good, old, well-established, was a super disco back then', 'Great fun PUP, pleasant ambience, cozy atmosphere, friendly service, price/performance ratio is also right for a nice evening with pleasant music and nothing stands in the way of relaxing. Highly recommended', "You don't feel comfortable there at all because you have the feeling that you are a stranger and not welcome", 'A very cozy pub. Cheap drinks and also great opening times. See you at the Christmas party!!!', "Because it's quiet, let's say I just like the music", 'Nice bar with friendly staff serving variety of drinks and enjoyable background music with regulars.', 'It\'s like the TV show "Cheers" Linz style. Simply love this place for so many reasons. It\'s welcoming, personal, with a great variety of music. The owner and staff are wonderful. Many regulars - "Where everybody knows your name....". Stop by for a coffee, beer or soda, and watch people stroll by this lovely and busy square in Linz Old Town. If you\'re hungry, bring your slice of Pizza from Sami\'s Imbiss next door.', 'Best beer in town!', 'Pet friendly super beer good stuff', 'Very nice small Irish pub, good service and music just right for a chilly evening.', 'Lovely pub atmosphere, just full of noisy race goers', 'Super chillig', 'Super', 'Yesterday again the BEST that Leons Bar has to offer in terms of live music = Star Club Band =\nGreat boss & service', 'Just great. Cocktails Delicious, large, nice to look at with decoration etc. Ice is also included, everything has been thought of here! Delivery service very nice and fast! TOP 😁', 'Good music. Cozy atmosphere. Nice garden in summer. Country music during the week 👍', 'Nice that there is such a great bar in the middle of Leonding. Live music on Fridays and Saturdays is always a great thing. Very friendly staff, always happy to come back.👍', 'Top!', 'Very cool pub, very cozy, very friendly service, very nice ambience!', 'Mega dear people. Hammer operation. Bombastic food. I enjoy it every time. Immediately felt welcome ❤️', 'Just perfect. Large selection of drinks, good burgers, Champions League and much more.', "One of the best bars in Linz if you're over 20! Prices are reasonable, music is most likely a crossover mix of all kinds and the bartenders are nice and welcoming", 'This bar is awesome.\nI like the interiors the friendly staff and delicate choice of drinks. Looking forward to see you soon.', 'the waiters are nice (as long as youre nice of course) the atmosphere is great and it stays open longer than most others... come here after 1am for best results', 'When it is past 4 am Roeders is the place to be \\o/', 'This bar is located directly in the city center and, in my opinion, has the best atmosphere out of all Linz bars. There’s a variety of cocktails for each taste and all types of customers. I really enjoyed my time here and will surely come again', 'perfect atmosphere, very friendly staff, i  really liked all the drinks i’ve ordered and the service was really fast , the food is also perfect, really enjoyed my time here!❤️', "Very nice cocktail bar with good music and atmosphere to sit down and chill out. Staff is very friendly, they giving a small packs of popcorn and water on house. Toilet is very amusing, lots of literature to read on the walls. Definitely worth to step by and try one of the famous Hemingway's morning coffee.", 'Amazing coctail bar! Friendly staff, tastefull drinks and the best music!!! No1 in Linz!!! The next "meeting" point.', 'The best place in town if you are real metalhead would like to enjoy your time with a lot of fun,many amazing posters and rare ones for a bands with more than 50 years of career ,i loved this place and absolutely i recommend there..', "Went to this place alone last night and I am so glad i did. Paid 3 euros for a tequila shot and a slice of lemon. Great owner, he was so sweet and friendly. I'm not a hard rock person but I'll definitely go back soon :)", "An all time original. Do not expect the waiter to be guest oriented, the music to be mainstream or the menu to tell you what you can order, and you'll have a hell of a night there.", 'Delivers on atmosphere. If unsure what to order, just ask for a beer.', 'A MUST in Linz!!  We absolutely loved this bar.  The cocktails are amazingly high quality, and the atmosphere is so cool and chill.  Claudia is very nice, and we enjoyed a great conversation while sampling her exclusive cocktails.  You must try the Green Poison drink — it’s delicious!  A++++', 'Can’t say enough great things about our experience here!  We came to Boiler Room for quality cocktails (based on the positive Google reviews) but left with more than just top-tier crafted drinks.  Claudia is so passionate about the quality of her work and creating a unique customer experience. We had such incredible conversations and learned so much more about the area and Austria in general.  Really enjoyed our time here, 10 out of 10 recommend 🏆', 'Best "Espresso-Martini" and "Dark Age" in Town🤩😍', 'Whenever I am in Linz, spending some evenings with friends at the Boiler Room is a must.\n\nClaudia is a fantastc barkeeper and owner of the bar. Her cocktail creations are top notch.\n\nThank you Claudia for the welcoming hospitality and professional drink creations.\nIt’s a superb place to gather with friends!', 'On a stormy summer evening, we took refuge here and received a very warm welcome. Enjoyed some wine and beer and a couple of tasty cheeseburgers. It was still raining a couple of hours later. The kind staff gave us an umbrella to help us get back to our hotel.', 'Kid friendly, genuine good service and people.\nBest place in Salzburg to drink a Guinness.\nWeird Fact:\nParacelsus wrote his will here on the 21st September 1541!', 'Had the fish and chips and were quality food! The restaurant was sooo buys but they kept the drinks flowing. A couple a nice gents, locals to the restuarant took part in helping out, which was awesome! Had both ciders but prefer the Strongbow on tap a little less sweet then the stibitzer. If you are looking for a legitimately cold beer in Salzburg, check this place out!', "The staff here are always so friendly and welcoming, as you would expect from an Irish bar. We waited no longer than 10 seconds before our drinks orders were taken by the friendly bar staff and they arrived pretty soon after that.\n\nWe all had fish and chips and it's probably the closest to 'proper' fish and chips I've had outside of the UK!", 'Would be a nice bar, but the music is way too loud. They refused to turn it down even when multiple guests asked for it. You can hardly hear each other, but the place is way too small to partY. Service was nice though!', 'This pub is the perfect accompaniment to your night out in Salzburg. Pairing the stylistic and cosy bar environment with the champion group karaoke dance floor,  the venue provides an exciting end to any night of your week!', 'Best service, 👌  nice place for a beer in Salzburg.  Friendly staff.', "loud music, pretty but mean bartenders who check your ID, i'd skip over this one if i were you, beer was good though but that means little", 'I called yesterday to ask for a Bundesliga Game. The guy told me to come over! We had some beers and enjoyed the game. Really good vibe and friendly service behind the bar. My recommendation if your searching for an Irish Pub and a place to watch a footy game! Thank you again!', 'Great pub! Pascal was absolutely fantastic and so we’re everyone else! Will visit every time I’m in Salzburg!', 'Nice place for a drink if you fancy something different from the usual Austrian beer. Great selection of scotch whisky and reasonably priced.', "The girlfriend went shopping on our first day in Salzburg so like any man who has a new found freedom, I headed off to Murphy's Law to enjoy my afternoon. After being away on our holidays for over a week, it was great to be able to sit at the bar in a pub and have a chat and a great laugh with the barman. He was very friendly and gave my plenty of recommendations for our trip in Salzburg. Surprisingly the pint of Guinness was cheaper than most pubs in Dublin at €5.20 and it was a nice pint. I also love Weissbier and the barman recommended Die Weisse which is brewed in Salzburg, it tasted great. If you are in Salzburg make sure you spend some time here, you will be made feel welcome.", 'Great Bar! Great Beers!!! Thanks for the nice evening. Didi Niederkofler', "Entered the bar with a group of eight last weekend and the female bartender asked us to either finish or hand over a to-go drink a friend of ours still had in her hand because she forgot about it. We complied, handed it over and ordered a few beers at the bar when a second bartender (tall, dark short hair) stormed out of the back room, started insulting us. The female bartender ignored him but we wanted to know what the problem was. He couldn't answer in a proper way, because during his tantrum he was busy downing a beer and repeating the insults over and over again. Suddenly a third barkeeper (short, curly dark hair) appeared and asked us to leave and we don't have to pay for anything (since we didn't even touch the glasses). This guy repeatedly told us he was completely high on LSD and we need to leave, because otherwise the cops will show up??? Been here lots of times and i have no idea what kind of staff Stephen is hiring right now, but he surely lost some regulars.", "It's just f*g amazing. Go there and meet old friends you never met before. Drink and talk your heart out, and enjoy the pizza. Go there. The lads are downright delightful.", 'Arguably my most awesome pub stay during the entire trip around Europe, totally random choice. The barkeeper Jared was 100% awesome haha', 'very nice Pub with lovely people... smooth place!!', 'Great place to chill, nice terace and good dart playing inside', 'Top👍', 'Super Irish Pub', 'Cigarettes and cheap beer. What we needed. Cozy, good for conversation. Easy-going bartending. A tiny oasis.', 'Great service, fantastic atmosphere and music. Small but well worth a visit.', 'A special Pub', 'Super ouzo', 'Top', 'Super Beisl', 'Top top top.... With lekka beer.... Definitely try it out', 'Good little place in Salzburg to watch football matches!', "Really liked this bar, actually felt like a pub, which is unusual because Austrians just don't understand pub culture, there isn't much space for table service, which is a GOOD thing because in a pub you should order your own drinks at the bar, good music selection as well. The smoke inside is awful, maybe a smoking area or a better air extraction system is needed.", 'Cool place for after work wind down. Great staff magners on tap and all the clocks sat 10 past 10 so your never out too late.', 'Very friendly staff, nice atmosphere, great chill place to spend 3 hour or so and have more than a few pints :)', 'Welcoming and nice atmosphere, a very tasty IPA on the tap and a friendly bartender. I will come back! :)', 'Thank you. The Irish lass behind the bar was just incredible so attentive and great fun even with a bar full of people. If you like your whisky you have to visit here. In fact if you like a good bar with a great atmosphere and whisky then you have to come here.', 'What a magic place in Salzburg. You go here when you want to have a nice night with your friends surrounded by an amazing vibe. There is also surprising live music from time to time!!', 'The girl behind the bar gave us a fantastic, professional insight of her whiskey knowledge. She provided us with a well chosen glass of whiskey she thought we would like, and even though I will most likely not become a whiskey drinker, I enjoyed the whole experience so much. This bar was the highlight of my Salzburg trip. The girl was so friendly and open, I cannot imagine getting a better service than hers.', 'Had the most amazing night here! Came highly reccomended by my sister. The service and the atmosphere was incredible! Sam and Caitriona have amazing knowledge of the drinks and are incredibly welcoming and friendly. Run by an Irish family, and I appreciated that they took the time to talk with everyone. The highlight of my holiday! Thanks again guys x', 'Very nice place with live music and good service. I like it a lot, and will recommend visiting this place if you are in Salzburg.', 'Thank you for the wonderful karaoke evening. Amazing place with amazing atmosphere. Please, keep making people happy.', 'Great atmosphere and live music! Very friendly staff and they have Lagavulin 16 in stock!', 'Great place for some fun live music and draught Stiegl!', 'Amazing experience! Hidden gem we did not expect to find in Salzburg. Mr Klause (not his real name) was a welcoming host who went above and beyond what was expected of him. Mr Klause gave us an impromptu history lesson and tour of the building. Relaxed environment and five star ambience. WOULD RECOMMEND.\n\nWe tried to go back again the next day but it was Tuesday which is when Klause’s is closed. Goodbye Mr Klause. You were a joy.', 'The owner mocked me so exquisitely that it was impossible not to fall in love with this place. A wonderful experience that was utterly unique in a tourist trap world.', 'Such a great owner and bartender.\nGreat beer and atmosphere.', 'Small and cosy with an interesting mix of guests.', "I think this place is great and I go there regularly with some friends because we like it a lot. However, I must admit this place is better if you're a student or in your 20s., and that is really the only caveat.", 'Local full of possibilities to have fun with friends. Table football, billiard and other possibilities to get reduction of the price during Wednesday. Definitely recommended to go with friends to spend some quality time together', 'Pros:\nGood music\nGood people to talk with with\n\nCons:\nToo crowded sometimes.\nPricey.\nLong wait to be ordered\n\nAnd also there is no order when allowing people inside. Went outside to wait for somebody catch some air and then I had to wait 30 minutes to come inside again.\n\nOn the meantime I saw at least a dozen of people going inside as groups of 8.', "Love this place, only of the only few bars that actually obey the smoking laws of Austria, lovely clean air and spacious, great service and a pool table, it actually feels like a pub, which is something Austrians struggle with, they don't get pub culture, but this place is ticking all the boxes. They good add a few more beers to the selection, and maybe some more spirits. Great location, highly recommend it.", 'The turkey sandwich is the best! Service can be a bit slow as they are always changing staff. But in general, it is worth it.', 'Very nice place to "schmugg" from heat to refresh and enjoy. They have placed a new terrace now so you can hide from heat or rain as well and still enjoy.', 'Excellent service, excellent food.', 'Weissbier was good..nice sitting.', "We had a great time in this amazing bar in Salzburg, the staff was very nice and they do have some very good beers, mostly Belgian beers, but also IPA's. I'd recommend the local IPA's from Bierol, and if you are into Belgian beers, the Orval, Straffe Hendrik and Triple Karmeliet.", 'The only place I found a delicious IPA.\nDecent selection of beer.', 'Spent a great evening here. They have an abundant craft beer selection, which I very much wanted after all the Oktoberfest style beers. The bartender was very knowledgeable about beer and will guide you with recommendations to match your personal taste. Listen to your bartender, he will be your Sherpa through the craft beer Alps.', 'Great atmosphere. Just ask and they will recommend you the best beer!', 'Very tasty', 'Always a pleasure to be here, and was not the last time 🙂', 'Great stop for a drink...just the service could be a little faster.', 'Top!!', 'Best of all worlds here. Walked in on a Sundays evening for food and a Guinness. Ended up staying for several hours, soaking up the atmosphere and service. Thomas is just stellar. He’s personable, friendly and genuine. So glad I stopped by!!', 'First of all, Serge the bouncer is on of the best bouncers I\'ve ever met. Atmosphere is good, interior is cool, service is fast, stuff is hardworking and talented. It was "Open night" and they sang pretty good!! There\'s subfloor, with small stage.. me n friends, we\'ve enjoyed in music night. Vibe was awesome, people cool n friendly. I\'ll be back. Hasta la Vista, Galway 😉', 'Place for a great evening of champions league accompanied by a small repertoire of small bites, we really recommend the hamburger, because despite being an Irish Pub, they care about the little details, they have different weekly events that you can attend periodically , the drinks are a good size and the staff speak English and even some other languages.', 'A truly authentic Irish pub outside of Ireland. Great Guinness and great selection of other beers/drinks. Proper Irish pub atmosphere and the amazing service from the staff even when the place is busy. 100% recommend!', "Best Karaoke Bar in town, 10/10 would recommend.\nVery friendly staff, nice snacks (mostly baguettes) and lovely people.\nYou can sing any song you want and if you're there early enough (starts at 8pm) you even get to sing more than one song.\nYou should be there early since after 11pm there will be more people.\nUsually every Saturday and one Motto Karaoke on a random Friday every month.\nAlways a must visit when I'm in town ❤️", 'Went there for a couple of beers at the weekend. Very nice pub and the lady that runs it was extremely polite and friendly. Definitely recommend!', 'It is always a pleasure to be here. I love the atmonphere and the people are wonderful. I love singing here. I will gleadly return to spend my weekends here.\nThank you my wonderfull Bella 😁😁😁', 'Nice bar and polite lady owner - Would recommend !', "It's a nice students vibes bar in the heart of the Uni Camp Sowi, and here evey weekend becomes a pandemonium of people beer and music🍻🎼🎉💃. Around this very area you will find especially during the summer lots of s🧑\u200d🎓tudent parties on the campus square, and nearby the Galloway Irish Pub 🍻 which is a must go every Frid-Saturday slkinda situation 😉", "Very cool and affordable bar, nice atmosphere and people. The only criticism I have is that it is too small for the amount of people that come visit every weekend, and it's very cold outside in the winter but other than one of the best bars in Innsbruck.", 'Quite crowded on a Friday night but the value for money you get on the drinks is hard to beat. Their 3 for 12€ longdrink combo will definitely warm you up for a good night out! Tip: Try the makava-vodka longdrink', 'Great bar to hang out. They also accept card on a small payments.', 'First open, last close', 'A visit is a MUST. Cool bar, cheap and good quality drinks, 2 large screens with live football World Cup games.', 'Music atmosphere good. Unfortunately no toilet and music selection very erratic. (skipper), still fine. Very manageable selection of drinks.', "Not my favourite, we were there to walk around a bit after a nice meal and have a look at the city, it's way too loud and actually destroys the whole flair of the street, there are actually only drunk young people in there, embarrassingly dancing around and taunt one. Really not for normal visitors to enjoy!", 'Good food, fun atmosphere, friendly staff!', 'All time classic in the heart of Innsbruck, now with a new team in command. Happy to see that one of our classic bars has become even better.\n\nPersonal highlights:\nFriendly and fast staff\nDelicious bar food (dumplings, burgers and they still offer the famous Krah frits)\nExcellent choice of beer\nRight in the cities center', 'Good burger, nice atmosphere. A bit loud when it’s crowded but a good place to meet after work.', 'Good food but not cheap,  great friendly service,  definitely worth a visit', 'Very nice atmosphere, a small bay with friendly personnel and very happy to show you the menu and the special cocktails they have. Real Cocktail experience, definitely going back again. Cheers', "Amazing cocktails! If you'd like to have a good night with your date or friends, go here and try some of their cocktails. One of their waitresses was very friendly and kind. She made recommendations and patiently explained the drinks to us. So, if you meet her (you'll know her wonderful attitude), tip her well.\nYou can select a cocktail based on your favorite color, which was fun, and the surprise made it even better.\nOh, ask about the meaning and source of the name of the bar.", 'Really surprising signature cocktails!!!! Very tasty and a wonderful roast beef sandwich!!!', 'Visited for a night cap - my cocktail was delightful and the caramelized nuts were delicious. Service was fast and friendly.', 'What a special little spot! Great ambiance and good menu of beers.', 'Great bar, nice staff. Good drinks!', 'Chill bar with an attentive bartender. Seems like a venue locals visit', 'Absolutely lovely place!', 'Very nice bar just next to the river Inn and city museum, with very modern decorations and young public. A good menu for beer with their own craft brew, good white with real tea leves, all at very reasonable price!', 'Cool spot to grab a drink later at night! They are open til 2am which not lots of places are in Innsbruck. This place has a chill vibe with lots of beautiful art decorations throughout :) I enjoyed my evening there in such a comfortable seat 💕', 'Amazing beer, great fresh food, top service. Coming here again.', 'This is exactly the place one is looking forward in the evening. Very relaxed place with nice tapas-like food. They also have craft beer there with personalised mugs. The falafel plate was really delicious. I will always come back there!!', "Such a cool place with super-friendly bartenders and fun drinks! They made my wife the best espresso martini I've ever had. We will definitely come back next time we're in Innsbruck!", 'Great cocktail bar in the heart of Innsbruck. Good atmosphere, and the waiters are excellent mixologist. Had a ‘Six feet under’ - their refreshing signature drink. Also a good selection of single malt whisky.\nDefinitely thumbs up for a pre or after dinner drink.\nUnfortunately only cash payment', 'Love this cocktail bar, even though it’s “cash only”, the unique, expertly crafted cocktails are beautiful and delicious. Seating has options for dates or small groups, and it’s open later than most places in this sleepy mountain town. If you don’t see something amazing on the menu, feel free to ask for something custom and they will exceed your expectations. Cheers 🍻', 'Amazing experience! I have tried new for me cocktails, enjoyed nice service and the design of the bar 😍 must place to visit for the tourists!', 'The best Pub in Klagenfurt. The service is kind, drinks are fairly priced and the atmosphere nice. You can play Dart, Card games or Chess.', 'Perfect ex-pat retreat in Klagenfurt! Feels like a comfortable old library. Cozy and fun- excellent service too. One of my favs.', 'Great Irish pub with style. Best steel dart range in town and Carinthia 😘', 'Irish bar. Live music. Lovely atmosphere. Friendly locals', "Very nice pub in Klagenfurt. It's not so big, cozy, and have some ales. The music is very good (rock). I went there in a calm day and it was awesome.", "We have drunk two good beers, you can smoke inside and you have a lot of Irish drink's choice. Great cost.", 'Absolute favourite. Has been my staple throughout Uni life. Especially loved the pub quizzes held here and the waiters who always do beer art to make your Guinness drinking experience even more special ;) Lots of love from the Corner team!', 'Nice selection of different Beers and Whisk(e)y. Charming place with friendly employees. 100% authentic Irish Pub. The place 2 go if Ireland is too far for you!', 'bumsn', 'Great music 👍', 'Super nice restaurant, friendly boss, nice staff, great music, pleasant ambience 👏', 'Always very funny', 'Small bar, with really good prices', 'Fun.', 'Gut', 'The bouncer must have picked the wrong job... young girls are let in for flirting with him or for being revealingly dressed and others have to wait outside even though they are on the list, totally rude and conceited!\nThe service inside, however, is great, everyone is always very nice\nAmbiance is okay, super small and very warm', 'Nit an Stern', 'Last resort in waidmannsdorf...', 'Speckhütte', 'A good experience, nice staff and friendly owner, I would like to come back.', "Not too bad. If you don't mind lowlifes etc hanging around", 'top', 'What else', 'Very small, nice pub with a few steps. Cocktails are very good, great offers and nice waiters. Come back.🍹🍹', 'Best Bar in Town!', "Casual bar with the best music from the 70's, 80's and 90's. From Queen to the Backstreet Boys, there is something for every nostalgia nerd. Staff very friendly and easygoing.", 'Friendly staff and delicious draft beer. The guests are very pleasant.', "Cozy, good music, laid back, always fun, great staff, that's how a bar should be", 'Not as good as the other Irish bar, but not bad.', 'Nice service, Guinness rocks, authentic atmosphere. 🍻😊', 'At first it is a bit unusual to be spoken to in an Irish pub not in English but in the Carinthian dialect. But the beer is poured perfectly and the next time you visit Villach, a visit to the bar is a must!', 'Small, fine “pub”. Interesting and appropriately furnished. Very friendly and funny host.', 'A mummy barn full of Czech people. A place where you can relax. can still enjoy 0.5 liters. Top. I can only recommend the toast. Prepared with love', 'Very kind. Small and welcoming Pub with good Beer and Cocktails. Excellent music. Vintage upholstery', 'It was like a second home to me even during my Sturm und Drang times. The owners are very nice, you can ask for any music you want, there is a dart machine, just a very nice place.', 'Today, July 9th, we had another fun evening at Oldies. Very, very nice service.', 'Very friendly staff and excellent atmosphere', 'Great place where I will happily return to play darts again.', '', '', 'We booked an apartment for 4 people, we had a great time, clean and well equipped, the owners were very helpful, the location was excellent for visiting Villach. We will definitely be back', "The host was very drunk. It's not easy to be drunker. You have to do something about it. Most likely Villach's best toast", 'We stumbled upon it by chance, and obviously we returned in the following evenings too.\nExcellent value for money.\nNice and nice staff, the owners are really very kind.\nAdvised.', 'Bad music, staff very bad, toilet completely dirty, beer bottles and paper lying around!', 'Best Bar in Villach.', 'Cool atmosphere... nice people, what more could you want', 'Cool little place, nice people and great service, music fits a bit older mostly rock but fits great. Prices are also okay, always happy.', 'Great local! Perfect to linger! 👍', 'Friendly staff, nice view and good beer.', "My favorite spot in the city!  After a long and hectic work week, a much deserved drink should be at this bar.  Located by the bridge where the water show is held.  Not crowded, very relaxing bar to chill at.\n\nHowever, if you end up going during daytime, service might take longer because there's only one person that's working.  If you don't mid waiting a little bit, then you're good.  If you're impatient, then find another place.\n\nGo check it out!", 'Just what we needed to kill an hour in Villach. Fair prices, friendly staff, great river views, English friendly :) no complaints!', 'Pretty nice spot to enjoy with friends or colleagues. Wide variety of drinks and a good recommendation for those who enjoy strong drinks.', 'Really cool place with most welcoming owner. A great little gem in the heart of the city!', 'Best', 'Super', 'Organize parties there myself and like the owner very much. I would say a good concept with a good owner.\nBilliards and darts all there good drinks.', 'Best address for a Guiness and really good food!  Nice shaded garden and pretty chilled guests and personal.', 'Best drinks & food, great music, awesome outdoor seating for 3/4 of the year, regular live music,\nshort version: the place to be', 'Very nice personal and an exquisite selection of beers, ciders, whiskeys and rums that can be enjoyed with good music.', 'Perfect Guinnes, perfect food', "Well furnished pub with different kinds of cold beer and nice Barkeepers. It's always a pleasure to drink there. Toilets are not that fine, therfore 4 stars.", 'Best Bar ever !!!!', 'Really cosy place. Nice atmosphere. Nice bartender.', 'Perfect\nJoin us to the "Pub-Quiz" every month on the 18th....easy to remember - lots to learn - plenty fun', 'Cool!!', '12€ for 1.5L of cola?! Go to the bistro box and look for half-full beer cans!', 'Unfortunately, things are going more and more downhill\n\n- unfriendly karaoke DJ (not TomTorro personally... some temporary help)\n- Overpriced prices\n- Sometimes no standard drinks like BacardiCola\n- You have to constantly check your change', 'It was really fun and the DJ was amazing. Great sayings and really had fun.', 'Top 😍👍', 'Partytime', 'Top', "It was quite okay.\nBut the music is too loud for my taste. What I also don't fully understand is that the staff tolerates the young people who sit in the bar, don't order anything and just relax and smoke. It was also questionable for me personally whether the people were even 16 years old. But it's none of my business.\n\nAcceptable cocktails were served at usual prices.", 'Service was friendly, beer was okay but the “Sex on the Beach” was more like blackcurrant juice with tap water.', 'No drinks menu, currant line with fruit is served as sex on the beach', 'The cocktails we drank were delicious and the service was friendly.', 'Bad waitress, the same music over and over again, all in all, not a good bar', 'We have been to this place several times, with very familiar, direct people, I recommend it to everyone', 'Just good, very friendly and helpful!\nCan just be recommended!', 'Best Pub in Town....very cozy....cool people....lunch menu top.....would love to go back......biker ambience....landlords are top', 'Cozy atmosphere, the boss also serves personally, everything is very well maintained and the service is quick and friendly! A place to feel good!', 'A nice little pub with very friendly people and a pleasant atmosphere.\nCan only recommend. 👍', 'Small pub in Bregenz near Riedenburg train station with outdoor dining area.\nOpen during the day, converted into an ice cream parlour.\nprices reasonable.\nOwner-boss himself is behind the curtains.\ndarts possible.\nLocally located in a quiet residential area.\nMusic box available. Locally invites you to a cozy "hock", there is always someone there with whom you can easily get into conversation and there is also a small appetite because next door there is the "village kebab"...its prices - normal as with all other doner kebab shops with seating in the same building.\nIt\'s actually a visit for young and old mixed people. Have fun and have a nice evening...😉', 'Very nice pub, with super fun and friendly guests, the music was varied and good and very nice friendly landlord :) Keep it up', 'Quiet atmosphere, good for chatting, fine shisha and friendly service', 'Lovely staff and nice vibe!', 'nice pub', "Try the pub toast. You won't regret it!", 'Tolle Bar. Super Personal', 'Great place for Cocktails and Billard', 'All best.\n🇦🇹🇬🇷', 'Jezz bisch aba duss ~ lil fränkiiii', 'Top', 'Super strong', 'A beer in the lokdown is simply great', 'Very cozy', 'Largest dump in the Achsidlung', 'Many thanks to the Tivoli team for my excellently organized 60s party last night. Another culinary highlight from Apple! See you soon ...', 'Very fine music club, saw Paddy Murphy on 10/20/23. Strong performance, great sound', 'I was really surprised how big and modern the new Tivoli is. The boss and the bartender were very friendly. I can confidently recommend!', 'A real win for Dornbirn and Hatlerdorf. Very hardworking, friendly and in tune with the times. Cool restaurant with a guest garden.', "The owner gets violent with drunk people because of disagreements. Pulls them out by their feet and hands, the bartender doesn't have a handle on the cash register and collects twice even though you've already paid, the waitresses drink more themselves and only serve after you've asked them several times. Waiting time over 40 minutes, which is not recommended and overpriced. Poor treatment of their own guests.\nIn addition, as a driver, I was at 0.0 that evening", 'Thank you for the cool evening! We had a lot of fun singing karaoke.\nWe found the cozy atmosphere very inviting. The staff is friendly and very hard working.\nWe will be back definitely.', 'Very cozy pub in the heart of Schwarzach. Large selection of drinks and food. With a separate dart room for experienced and inexperienced darters. Very friendly service. All in all very recommendable. Thumbs up 👍', "A great place to have a drink or have a great party at the weekend. At the back there are dart machines and a table football table to offer an alternative program. You are always served in the friendliest way and it's pretty quick until you get your drinks. If you are there more often, the whole thing almost has a family flair, as there are many regular guests who come back regularly (and for good reason). If there are any discrepancies between guests and operators, they will always be appropriately brought to the door, even if some guests then think they are going to throw themselves on the floor and go completely crazy, the landlord will still be respectful and will then appropriately bring the person to the door. (As just happened recently)\nBig respect for that and many thanks for the great evenings with you and with you in (in my opinion) the best restaurant in the area.\nThank you and see you soon", "Saturday nights, the most crowded place in Vorarlberg I've ever seen... Lots of people to meet and dance with 😉", 'Good atmosphere, the DJ plays by request sometimes.\nThe top floor has a Shisha area where you can relax and get some cocktails / food.', 'Nice place with good ambience and some table games', 'Good prices and very cozy!', 'My wife and me went by on monday and we had a great time. I have to mention Alban by name as he was simply great. He was super friendly the whole time, his cocktails were perfect and he was always in good mood and did a great service. As both of us have hospitality/bar background all I can say is: respect. We will be back for sure.', 'Nice place, however the highlight is the bartender, Alban. He made our night, it is such a delight to see him work and his cocktails are superb.', 'Metal/Rock Bar with very decent Music (Tho sometimes a bit too loud...) and very nice people.\nBest indoor seats are in the back, they also offer outdoor seats if warm enough.\n\nCost for drinks range from 3€ to 5.', 'Googled "Cocktail Bar"  this is not at Cocktail bar.', 'Super', 'So nice!!!', 'Was only there briefly to have a drink. Hugo is super good, and Mohren anyway.\nThe service was also very friendly.', 'Great bar with fair prices and good food. Nice decor, nice staff, lots of events with live music. We always enjoy coming here.', 'Very sophisticated and classy bar with great music and atmosphere', 'Fine wine bar with a very good selection, nice ambience and great service from Andrea. Ham and cheese toast as an insider tip 😉 Unfortunately, the prices of the wines are sometimes too high…', "As a non-wine connoisseur, I still dare to say that the wine selection in the Vincent Bar is great. My girlfriend and I can definitely recommend the Rose. The bar is also beautifully designed. I think it's great that the bar is placed in the middle of the room. As a guest, I can move and position myself more or less around. The music put together by the landlady and supporting the ambience in the background is completely to my taste. I can definitely recommend the Vincent Bar.", "Two glasses of wine (2/8) for €23 is a disgrace and no longer any fun.\nWe won't be coming back again.", "The staff in the Cuba Bar are very attentive and friendly. Especially the cocktails taste great! An absolute plus is that you can order food from the Kohldampf restaurant. Even when it's busy, the employees are quick and extremely hard-working. Here you really feel like you are in Cuba. Casual party is also available here👍🏼", 'The Cuba is only to be recommended Mega nice staff and very good drinks. I would recommend everyone if they want very good cocktails and lovely staff :)', "Although I don't drink cocktails often, I've never had a better piña colada than here. Nicely furnished and the staff is nice too :)", 'Unfortunately, it has progressively gotten worse in recent years. When it comes to cocktails, the bar used to be in the upper class, and in my opinion it hit rock bottom last week.\n\nWaiting times have increased, even if there are few visitors, waiting times of between 15 and 20 minutes must be expected for simple drinks.', 'Super', 'very nice people, great and quick service, excellent pool tables and delicious food.\nWe are now regulars at Ambiente!!', "Really nice ambience, the best pool billiard tables I've seen/played in Vorarlberg, 3 well-kept dart machines (hardly any broken tips) and 1 really modern dart machine.\n\nI've been to Ambiente a couple of times now and will definitely become my regular spot.\n\nGreeting Yo", 'Absolutely a cool location. Cool bartender, cool drinks, very good location', 'Great place with good music and nice selection of wine', 'Great place to have a delicious and fun evening', 'very nice', 'Cool bar with a good atmosphere. Perhaps the best in Gyumri to spend an interesting evening. We will definitely visit again on our next trip!', 'Cool cocktail bar in the vaulted cellar. The bartender is a Pink Floyd fan, so we started talking. The music plays at a comfortable volume through a loudspeaker on the ceiling. Very good whiskey sour. For the fifth star, the Mai Tai would have to taste even more original. But overall highly recommended!', 'Nice atmosphere, attentive staff, well prepared cocktails. There is tea from China and good coffee.', 'Excellent establishment, large selection of cocktails and beer, sociable bartender, cozy and pleasant place to spend the evening)', 'The most delicious coffee in the whole city', "A very dirty and expensive place. Unfortunately another Irish bar by name but not by nature. The most we paid for a drink all weekend and it was served in a can at that. Urinals were taped off like a crime scene and the only cubical in the men's was gross.", 'Everything was very nice, service was friendly and responsive! Thank you!\nFood was OK for a bar, they are very friendly for smokers ;)\nOne concern - more lager beer would be nice to see', 'Decent Irish pub. We wanted to see a football match and the staff was helpful on turning on the correct channel. Only music played in the whole area. Difficulties on seeing the concept of the place. Is this a Irish pub playing music, football?', '3300 for one Guinness from the can. No music no atmosphere. Very sad.', "If you're looking for a fun place with a great atmosphere and good old-fashioned friendly bar staff. This is the place, it would be rude not to go.", 'Fabulous bar, wonderful aprés ski venue with friendly and welcoming bar staff. Live music too.', 'Good atmosphere when love music is on\nOther than that a nice friendly pub', "Just the best place.\nThe staff are simply the best\nBeen 6 years since I last was in but everyone still recognised me. It's my local away from my local. Love this place. Covid safe which I hope becomes obsolete so it can return to its same old place with a buzz and fantastic ambiance... And so the foozeball tournament can return too!\nWinning that 6 years ago was honestly my greatest sporting achivement.", 'This place tries to rip off customers, by charging more than they should for drinks. When we asked for the bill after they requested a random amount, the manager responded it would cost us more. We ignored that.\n\nWhen it was finally presented, we could not make sense of it, because it had random products on it.\n\nFood was good though.', 'Stumbled Upon this terrific pub in the heart of the city. The bar staff are beyond friendly, extremely fun to cut up with. Do yourself a favor and visit Pub Corinthia and bring your darts.', 'A really nice place with the friendliest staff you could meet. Decent prices also.', "Best place to serve good drink and music. Please don't not forgot to visit. 😉👍", 'The bar was a little dead but it was a weekday. Staff were friendly', 'The waiter of 10 prepared me a very good San Francisco with fresh fruit, very friendly and the atmosphere was very good with good music too. We will return for sure.', 'Good atmosphere, place to have a drink with billiards, table football and varied music and the owner of 10! Very friendly and prepared some good gin and tonics. Big baby 🤘', 'Place to have a good time. Good music, foosball, billiards and darts options. The owner is super friendly and he prepared us some very good cocktails!!', 'If you are looking for a brilliant prices and fantastic English speaking serviss and a great fun and bar with a life music,you are in the right place. But you better book in advance. Located off the main street in Soldeu. Staff is truly fantastic,helpful and super understanding.', "Love this place.. By far the best place to eat or drink in soldeu.. Lovely traditional building, great food I'm a veggie and the stew here is amazing. I found the food here on a different level to anywhere else. Friendly bar staff up stairs in the bar both English guys really chatty and welcoming, and in the restaurant downstairs two lovely friendly waitresses this is how you should feel when you're eating out. Friendly and great service.. Brilliant place well done to the staff....", 'Went to the bar area a couple of times to see The Shambles play. Really great atmosphere. Loved it.\n\nGoogle keeps asking me what the food was like, but that is in a different area of the building so no idea.', 'Good food, good staff, bar upstairs. Little bit hidden but not too difficult to find in Soldeu.', "A trip back in time, it's a pub from 30 years ago and they haven't touched anything.\nToo bad they only play Latin music", "I went with my partner looking for a cozy and cheap place to have a drink in Andorra. Thank goodness we didn't order cocktails. We ordered two rounds of gin and tonic and rum and coke and woke up the next day awful. The alcohol was lousy (for the record, we only drank at this location). We almost spoiled our trip because of this.", 'Nice Latin music place, excellent service and cleanliness', 'Very good atmosphere, familiar to dance 🕺🏻', 'This is a great Irish pub that offers some great food and a vast variety of beers. There is an outside area for smoking or just enjoy the magnificent view.\nI came here 3x during my stay at the hotel, they never had available the vegan options presented in the menu… but staff did what they could adapting and suggesting food so I was not left without food (my bf loved the crispy bacon tho). Staff super nice and helpful! Always smiling :)\nThanks for the service!\nSuggestions:\n-time to distinguish vegan from vegetarian food\n- remove vegan options out of the menu if you don’t have intention to have it served', 'So awesome to find an Irish bar up here! This place has spectacular views, fantastic Guinness and friendly bar staff. Thanks a lot!', 'We were looked after all week by Fernanda, very helpful and friendly young lady.  Her great service added to our good experience.  We will be back!', 'Very cosy place with a lot of interesting activities as table football, billiard, darts, and good place for children games. Atmosphere and personal are very friendly. There is very beautiful view to mountains. Food and drinks are delicious)', 'Bar attached to the Magic hotel, they have a wide variety of beers.', '', "Absolutely awesome cocktail bar! For the price some of the best cocktails I've ever had. Friendly staff, and a ton of drink options.", 'Nice bar , delicious cocktails , great music, wonderful service', 'Great place with friendly staff and very creative cocktails and music! Best bar in Andorra 👍', 'Best cocktail bar in Andorra by far. The staff will make you feel at home and it has the best rock music. If you want a nice place to have a drink this is your bar. We will definitely come back!', 'We had some great breakfast here. Omelette & avocado toast, really nice :)', 'Delicious food and service. The waiters was vary friendly and helpful. Sea view was perfect especially in the evening. The only bar that serves also coffe in 8:30 pm. Highly recommended!', "It's the perfect spot to relax and enjoy refreshing drinks while taking in the beautiful sea view. The staff there is incredible - friendly, attentive, and always ready to make your experience unforgettable. The relaxing atmosphere and stunning sunset views are very enjoyable. Cheers to a great time at Bar Taushani @ Akademi! 🥂", "Very bad service. We waited for 1 hour to get our food. 1 hour for an egg. We asked double espresso they brought single. We asked for fresh juice they didn't bother to bring it all. And the prices are very high for a small fried egg with nothing in it. Do not recommend it at all.", 'As any true Guinness drinker can appreciate, I was excited based off the pictures to get a reliable pint but as you can see that was far from the truth. Really was looking forward to a great pint but abandoned that dream following the picture added. Other than that it was fine', 'It’s the best pub in Tirana. Original beer and good finger food\nI visit this pub every weekend', 'Fantastic place. We loved it. Their food and beverages were amazing. I really recommend to go there. Also staff was so friendly and helpful.', "The location was good. However we have been to Irish Pubs all over the world and this was not! They did have a huge Variety of Beers but definitely no Irish Food on the menu. There also wasn't a semblance of an Irish Pub atmosphere.", 'Irish sportsbar around the corner of a university and a big park.', 'Absolutely all food is too salty', 'Nice place & Staff', 'Cute place. I had a coffee and a croissant. Both good. Paid in euros and he gave me change in lek I saved having to go and change money. No card for small amounts', "Karaoke nights here, held every Thursday and Saturday, are an absolute blast! The atmosphere is fantastic, and it's a welcoming pub for foreigners. A major advantage is the strict no-smoking policy indoors.", 'Decent atmosphere and they do good events like karaoke and I was told also live music. Be aware they suddenly stop taking cards. Our food order never arrived...', 'Very good pub with a mix of locals and tourists/internationals. Offers a wide selection of beers and food. They also have karaoke, at least every thursday.', 'A wonderful bar, far superior to the average Irish pub abroad. As others say, the staff & patrons are very friendly, a warm vibe to match cozy decor. The food was so well reviewed I decided to pick around a veggie burger even though not hungry. It was truly wonderful, herby veg & fries both worthy of a good restaurant. It was such a well-blended taste sensation that I ate a lot more than intended. Thanks New Irish pub.', 'Great chill pub, great service too, delicious beer', 'Nothing special in an overcrowded pubs street with the same style.', 'Nice place to have a beer with your friends', 'Nice place and good service', 'If youre for the first time visiting Tirana and want to visit the Air Albania stadium the perfect way is to come at this bar and have a drink while enjoying the perfect vuew thus stadium has to offer', 'Liked the place. The staff is friendly. To enter  the inside area, you have to climb the stairs at the second floor. The prices are high', 'The place and the drinks are good, the staff was also good.', 'Good place.\nThe staff is polite and friendly.\nVery good view', "It's a cool bar. It has plenty of seating inside and outside.\nThe people running it seem to know everyone and are always having a drink.\nThe beer is good and it's well priced.\nThis seems like an 'old man pub', but everyone is in a good mood and friendly.\nThey serve Kaon beer on tap.", "This beer place is a gem hidden in a rather posh area. It's a place that is straightforward ans amazing in being what it's supposed to be. It's a place for locals, with a very cosy feeling and vibe. The terrace it's amazing and I highly recommend if the weather allows it. We ate some sausages ( I am from Romania and it's the Albanian version of mici) and they were absolutely amazing. If you are into feeling something else than normal pubs and bars, this is the place for you.", 'Travelling through with my good friend Taylor. This place has brilliant customer service I feel only Albania could provide. I would encourage anyone to visit and experience what I did. However the pigeons did my head.', 'Best pub in the city that we have visited. Friendly service, super friendly people. Got a scarf from Partisan Tirana as a gift, incredible hospitality. The food was super tasty. Prices for food and drinks unbeatable. Unreserved recommendation.', 'My order was taken 20 minutes after I sat down at the table by a girl who passes by there several times and did not ask about the order', 'Like the neighboring bars, Casa Bar is a good place to grab a quick bite and/or drink a beer, Gets busy on the weekends and thats the best time to feel it’s vibes', 'Liked the beer, chips, peanuts and atmosphere ... but a waiter that calculates the bills and says: "X amount, service not included" was a first... And when I asked what\'s the price for service, the waiter replied: "100 leke minimum". another first... Never been asked in such explicit way for a tip... (and I am one that gives tips even when service is terrible, cause I have worked as waiter during high school and university)\nI was in a good mood and gave those money... but if it was in another time... would have answer different...', 'Beer was a bit expensive, they do not accept credit cards or euros', 'I stopped here for a couple of Belgian beers while visiting Tirana and the staff were friendly and quick with the service. Monkey nuts are dumped into the table for a bar snack which I liked, must be a nightmare to clean up at the end of the night! Nice atmosphere in here.', "Staff are very friendly and the beer is affordable. It catches a pleasant breeze when it's hit outside.", "That they don't have any IPAs on offer was disappointing, but they do have an extensive menu of international beers. A 0.5-liter bottle of Paulaner Weissbier costs 400 lek and is served with flavored chips. Indoor and outdoor seating (smoking inside), wifi available, pleasant decor.", 'Draft beer is only 350 Lek (2,9€). Not expensive. You can drink same beer in France for 5€... And they play 80’s song. I loved that place.', 'Small coctail bar with excellent drinks loved by Hemingway. Highly recommended! The bar offers not only coctails but also beers and other staff', 'Very lovely atmosphere, kind staff and good cocktails with reasonable prices in an area there is no other alternative. Not as posh as the bars and clubs in Blloku area and much more friendly staff. Definitely worth for spending an evening!', 'Very cozy place perfect for evening meeting after exploration of Tirana city. Coctails were good with average-high prices (5,5-8€ per drink, 5€ per beer). Staff was really helpful and kind! We had a great time. Payment only in cash.', 'Nice cocktails. Friendly staff. Lovely cat. Interesting decoration.', 'Highly recommend if you would love to have a tattoo while traveling in Tirana, Albania.\nAlso Live Rock Music on her Bar usually on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.\n\nA must visit place.', 'Exactly the kind of place we were looking for the entirety of our stay in Tirana. Great staff and great patrons! Recommend for people that enjoy the alternative atmosphere and/or people that wish to engage with others.', 'Very bad service.  Expensive drinks. 90 minutes before closing the guy asked us to pay the bill for 2 beers, he came without a bill and told us it cost "12". Apparently he took from us 1200 lek for 2 bottles of Heineken. Don\'t go.', 'Best little bar and tattoo place in the city! Good music, home bar feel, and GREAT people from all walks of life! Take the time to find it and you will not be sorry!', "Nice place, good music, but nothing really special, it's that kind of place you can find everywhere in Europe. Staff are very rude and racist. Very, very expensive compared to other similar places (400 LEK for a Korça). Moreover, you have to make a reservation. Good luck.", "Whisky Bar Tirana is a true haven for whisky enthusiasts and anyone seeking a memorable and sophisticated evening. From the moment you walk in, you are transported to a world of elegance and refinement.\n\nThe bar's extensive collection of whiskies from around the world is truly impressive, catering to both connoisseurs and those new to the world of whisky. The knowledgeable and friendly staff are more than happy to guide you through the selection, helping you discover new and exciting flavors.\n\nThe ambiance at Whisky Bar Tirana is warm and inviting, with comfortable seating and a relaxing atmosphere. It's the perfect setting to unwind and enjoy a drink with friends or simply savor the experience of trying different whiskies.\n\nThe attention to detail is evident in every aspect, from the presentation of the drinks to the carefully curated music playlist that complements the overall mood of the bar.\n\nMoreover, the bartenders' skill in crafting cocktails using whisky as the star ingredient adds a delightful twist to the experience. Their creative concoctions are a testament to the artistry of mixology.\n\nWhether you're a whisky enthusiast or just looking for a unique and enjoyable night out, Whisky Bar Tirana is a must-visit destination. The combination of an outstanding whisky selection, impeccable service, and a welcoming ambiance ensures a fantastic and memorable evening. I highly recommend Whisky Bar Tirana to anyone looking to indulge in the world of whisky and elevate their drinking experience in Tirana.", "Completely incompetent waiters, don't know their own menu.\nWaited over 30 min for a basic order. Menu said 9,50€, they charged 11.", 'Basically this people is not ready for tourists: if you re coming from wherever of the western world this club would look like mars', 'Highly recommended!\nWe really liked the music, beer and atmosphere of this place, which hosted us wonderfully on our last night in Tirana. The staff even helped us find a taxi to the airport in the middle of the night... :)\nGoodbye until we meet again, love from Istanbul.', 'This is easily one of the best bars in the city. This place has soul and character, not to mention some good tunes. We felt welcomed instantly, and the owner Franki showed us what Albanian hospitality is all about. A great place to meet people and hangout while enjoying a cold beer and some tasty and one of a kind shots.', 'Fabulous local bar, amazing local hand made cocktails. Even had a free raki shot. And the best bit, real music. Proper rock instead of the usual soulless euro rubbish. Superb, definitely going again when we are back in Tirana next weekend 👍', 'Great little bar, would definitely go back and say hi to Flavio, one of the best servers, he kept the beer and Raki coming.', 'Located i side Air Albania Stadium, would consider it a luxurious bar. The staff is very friendly. Like both outside and inside area.\nHigh prices', 'Waited there for 10 min and we got no service. That’s embarrassing!', 'Cold and very bad service', 'We had booked in the morning for a table for 3 people outside to watch a Euro 2020 match. After we went to dinner, we were told that all the seats outside were occupied, even though we had booked, so we were forced to sit inside. The service was outrageous. You had to wait 20 minutes for a beer to arrive. I order something to eat, and after waiting for more than an hour and a half, we were told that the kitchen was empty. I do not recommend it to anyone.', 'I absolutely LOVED Radio bar Tirana! It’s a little gem I wouldn’t have stumbled upon had I not read about it while doing some research on the city. Inside is a wonderfully eclectic oasis, away from the noise of the city. Everything was great, from the original deco, to the deliciously crafted cokcktails and the excellent music. Going there was a real highlight. I highly recommend it to anyone visiting Tirana!', 'Super nice place with live music on the weekends. The decoration and the general ambience are really good. The staff are super friendly. The prices are expensive compared to other places in Tirana but the good experience of visiting this place compensates!', 'Highly recommend this place when visiting Tirana! Really good cocktails, lovely staff, and nice atmosphere/design. We tried several cocktails and had great food also. Just go here! They have good non-alcoholic cocktails too. And good beer on tap.', 'We both had a cocktail. Which was fine. Not the best espresso martini. The cafe looks really nice inside and has a lovely garden where you can sit. Service was very friendly but we did had to wait a bit long', 'Great', 'Very attractive environment, one of a kind.', 'Cute', '', 'This is one of the most friendly bars we have been in durres the locals are helpful staff are polite , We have been in here nearly every day on our stay in Durres both this year and last year. If you you like motorbikes you will like the Harley-Davidsons that gather here at the weekends.', "As a group of 6 ethnically diverse individuals, we couldn't have wished for a warmer welcome. Served in a timely fashion with great chat from the barman.  He has now provided us many a free local mashed shot to the point I can barely recognise his political views. Would highly recommend to all people, especially the liberals.\n\nThat was a damn good review!!", "Possibly one of the finest places I have had the pleasure of consuming an alcoholic beverage. Staff are warm and welcoming and offer a backdrop of 80's bangers whilst you slowly slip into a booze-fuelled coma. Would give more than 5 stars if possible.", 'Loved this bar in Durres, always a warm welcome by the friendly staff.', 'We were surprised to find this amazing place, after refusing to get into other bars that were charging $10 for the entrance and then $15 for a cocktail (Oborri Lounge & Traiano Lounge). At The Wall we had no entrance fee and drinks had the right price and great quality. Our server was amazing, even though his English was not good, we were able to communicate without any issues. The chicken wings were to die for and we only paid $3 for 12 wings. Thanks The Wall for keeping the traditions of great Albania and for not being greedy and abusive with the rates like the other bars in town. I will definitely advise everyone about this place and come back again', 'The place is nice but the service is slow and the burger was not a burger at all, better to call it bread and meatballs.', 'Great drinks and outside seating.  The waiter was very friendly.  Our double cheese burger had great flavor and was a good value.  I think they make their own fries, they are delicious', 'Come for the drinks not the service.\n\nRude af, not welcoming at all. Too bad otherwise a nice atmosphere, nice drinks and reasonable priced.\n\nBut service is seriously lacking', 'Great spot, cocktails were professional grade - attentively made, and food was great. Definitely a cool atmosphere, well appointed decor and design. Great stop if you find yourself in Korçë!', 'This place is amazing! Great music, bustling atmosphere, swift friendly service and Great food. We had the bao buns with pork, chicken wings, the republika salad and the pita with lamb and pecorino, which were all supremely delicious. Highly recommend going here.', 'It was amazing that the staff made a mojito in less than one minute. Reason was the staff tried to give my friend a drink a different customer refused. The ice had already melted. Busy place and reviews matter little but something for future customers to know about since a mojito is 600 LEK. Just bad on the staff. Very disappointed', 'Great ambient. Irish republican kind of style. Awesome cocktails', 'The rudest girl-waiter ever.\nAfter mixing our orders several times and not saying sorry, she was very impatient and angry toward us. We just wanted a quiet dinner with the family and It wasn’t like we expected.\n\nP.s Pizza was with store-bought dough!', 'Very beautiful & cozy german-themed pub we didn’t expect to find in middle of Albania . It is a classic vibe from the inside 😀👏', 'Great place to go eat and have a coffee.\nThe food is amazing🥰', 'Very beautiful and cozy place☺️', "This night we were looking for some raki and delicious drinks. In the end, we were very lucky to find this place. Everything, starting from the atmosphere of the place and finishing with the outstanding service of our bartender, was perfect. We ordered couple of rakijas and two drinks. The bartender was so caring he waited to ask if we enjoy out beverages. And I can say, that even my boyfriend, who hated liquorice, loved the drink he prepared for us. Furthermore the prices are fair considering the quantity and quality of the product served. We're gonna definitely come tommorow for more and recommend this place to our friends.\n\nPS We apologize for the inconvenience with our bill. It was out fault. You're the best!", 'We really liked it here - the guy behind the bar was really helpful and kind. The bar was cool and the music was a nice break from that of other bars in Sarandë. There was another person working here who made inappropriate comments like joking about spitting in the drinks and other comments that would be considered harassment. He only made these comments when the girl in our party went to the bar alone. It’s a shame really as everything else was really nice', 'Can’t say enough good things about this place. Piero and Andy - hope I’m spelling them right are spectacular people. Love this vibes and the atmosphere. Can get an early morning coffee or a late night drink. Love it.', 'Wanna feel like a friend coming to the bar? Come here and just do it! The stuff here do really awesome job! Perfect people in perfect place!', 'Great waterfront Bar with Friendly Service and Wi-Fi.', 'Best bar in the area me and lot of local people and tourists with a great service! guys You are truly amazing all of you really and the cocktails are great! I will miss you all!', "This is the best pub in Saranda. Extraordinary service, very nice and helpful. Also, you can watch football games, at the same time few - as you wish!!!! Beautiful view,inside and 'outside' don't waist your time for looking other option, just get in!", "Lovely, clean place with great decor ( not the sterile all white 'doctors waiting room style' dazzling lights sterile style so loved by Albanian places. IMMACULATE toilets with actual seat, soap & loo paper. Propet sized coffe mugs too!", "I can't review the food as we didn't eat but the atmosphere is excellent and the owner was super friendly. While everyone else was interested only in football,  we asked him to find the volleyball game and he was even patient enough to search the channel which was broadcasting the game we wanted to watch.  There are several TVs there out of which some with big screen so it's great place for sports fans but also for others,  they have DJ and even karaoke. Thanks again for letting two of us watch the game that nobody else was interested in 💗", 'Lovely music, great selection of spirits and beers, very good frappe and the bartender very kind!\nDefinitely a must stop!', 'We were here three or maybe even four evenings while we were in kassiopi. Service is super, cocktails were delicious, sports were on, and extra bonus that you can order food to be delivered there (I ordered the burger and potatoes twice because it was that good)! Music was fun sing along songs and they had quizzes every night. Overall great atmosphere!', 'Great bar. 3 brothers run this place, entertainment every night. Sports bar with quiz and karaoke most nights. Great place to socialize and the 3 guys with their staff put 100% effort for the customers. Super pints and every other drink you like.']